









 	 


TRUSTED, ACCURATE AND RELIABLE!  


 
 

 

The most comprehensive IT certification preparation materials in the industry! 


















All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law. Unauthorized copying, reselling, or distribution of this document is strictly prohibited and may result in legal action. 
 
https://www.virtulearner.com support@virtulearner.com 

 


 


 


CompTIA 220-1102 
CompTIA A+ Certification Exam: Core 2 
 
 	 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 1 
Ann, a CEO, has purchased a new consumer-class tablet for personal use, but she is unable to connect to the wireless network. Other users have reported that their personal devices are connecting without issues. She has asked you to assist with getting the device online without adjusting her home WiFi configuration. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Review the network diagrams and device configurations to determine the cause of the problem and resolve any discovered issues. 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 
 























 





















 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	2 
220-1102 


























 

























 









 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	3 
220-1102 



























 

























 








 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	4 
220-1102 



























 

























 








 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	5 
220-1102 




















 
























 
  
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 
Click on 802.11 and Select ac 
 
Click on SSID and select BYOD Click on Frequency and select 5GHz 
At Wireless Security Mode, Click on Security Mode 
Select the WPA and the password should be set to TotallySecure! 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	6 
220-1102 





















 	 
 

QUESTION: 2 
A help desk team lead contacts a systems administrator because the technicians are unable to log in to a Linux server that is used to access tools. When the administrator tries to use remote desktop to log in to the server, the administrator sees the GUI is crashing. Which of the following methods can the administrator use to troubleshoot the server effectively? 
 
A. SFTP B. SSH C. VNC D. MSRA 
 
Answer(s): B Explanation:  
How to transfer data between linux and windows Navigate and open File > Site Manager. 
Click a New Site. 
Set the Protocol to SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol). Set the Hostname to the IP address of the Linux machine. Set the Logon Type as Normal. 
Add the username and password of the Linux machine. Click on connect. 
 
QUESTION: 3 
A company wants to remove information from past users' hard drives in order to reuse the hard drives. Which of the following is the MOST secure method? 
 
A. Reinstalling Windows 
B. Performing a quick format C. Using disk-wiping software 
D. Deleting all files from command-line interface: 
 
Answer(s): C 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	7 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 4 
A user is having phone issues after installing a new application that claims to optimize performance. The user downloaded the application directly from the vendor's website and is now experiencing high network utilization and is receiving repeated security warnings. Which of the following should the technician perform FIRST to mitigate the issue? 
 
A. Reset the phone to factory settings. B. Uninstall the fraudulent application. C. Increase the data plan limits. 
D. Disable the mobile hotspot. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 5 
A change advisory board just approved a change request. Which of the following is the MOST likely next step in the change process? 
 
A. End user acceptance B. Perform risk analysis 
C. Communicate to stakeholders D. Sandbox testing 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 6 
A user calls the help desk to report that none of the files on a PC will open. The user also indicates a program on the desktop is requesting payment in exchange for file access. A technician verifies the user's PC is infected with ransomware. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST? 
 
A. Scan and remove the malware. 
B. Schedule automated malware scans. C. Quarantine the system. 
D. Disable System Restore. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 7 
A company is issuing smartphone to employees and needs to ensure data is secure if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following provides the BEST solution? 
 
A. Anti-malware B. Remote wipe 
C. Locator applications D. Screen lock 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 8 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	8 
220-1102 


A user reports seeing random, seemingly non-malicious advertisement notifications in the Windows 10 Action Center. The notifications indicate the advertisements are coming from a web browser. Which of the following is the BEST solution for a technician to implement? 
 
A. Disable the browser from sending notifications to the Action Center. B. Run a full antivirus scan on the computer. 
C. Disable all Action Center notifications. 
D. Move specific site notifications from Allowed to Block. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 9 
After clicking on a link in an email, a Chief Financial Officer (CFO) received the following error: 
 




















 
 
The CFO then reported the incident to a technician. The link is purportedly to the organization's bank. Which of the following should the technician perform FIRST? 
 
A. Update the browser's CRLs. 
B. File a trouble ticket with the bank. 
C. Contact the ISP to report the CFO's concern. D. Instruct the CFO to exit the browser. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 10 
A help desk technician is troubleshooting a workstation in a SOHO environment that is running above normal system baselines. The technician discovers an unknown executable with a random string name running on the system. The technician terminates the process, and the system returns to normal operation. The technician thinks the issue was an infected file, but the antivirus is not detecting a threat. The technician is concerned other machines 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	9 
220-1102 


may be infected with this unknown virus. Which of the following is the MOST effective way to check other machines on the network for this unknown threat? 
 
A. Run a startup script that removes files by name. B. Provide a sample to the antivirus vendor. 
C. Manually check each machine. D. Monitor outbound network traffic. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 11 
A laptop user is visually impaired and requires a different cursor color. Which of the following OS utilities is used to change the color of the cursor? 
 
A. Keyboard B. Touch pad 
C. Ease of Access Center D. Display settings 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 12 
A manager reports that staff members often forget the passwords to their mobile devices and applications. Which of the following should the systems administrator do to reduce the number of help desk tickets submitted? 
 
A. Enable multifactor authentication. B. Increase the failed log-in threshold. 
C. Remove complex password requirements. D. Implement a single sign-on with biometrics. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 13 
A technician suspects a rootkit has been installed and needs to be removed. Which of the following would BEST resolve the issue? 
 
A. Application updates B. Anti-malware software C. OS reinstallation 
D. File restore 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 14 
A technician is setting up a SOHO wireless router. The router is about ten years old. The customer would like the most secure wireless network possible. Which of the following should the technician configure? 
 
A. WPA2 with TKIP B. WPA2 with AES 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	10 
220-1102 


C. WPA3 with AES-256 D. WPA3 with AES-128 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 15 
A technician is troubleshooting an issue involving programs on a Windows 10 machine that are loading on startup but causing excessive boot times. Which of the following should the technician do to selectively prevent programs from loading? 
 
A. Right-click the Windows button, then select Run... entering shell:startup and clicking OK, and then move items one by one to the Recycle Bin. 
B. Remark out entries listed HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE>SOFTWARE>Microsoft>Windows>CurrentVersion>Run. 
C. Manually disable all startup tasks currently listed as enabled and reboot, checking for issue resolution at startup. 
D. Open the Startup tab and methodically disable items currently listed as enabled and reboot, checking for issue resolution at each startup. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 16 
A call center technician receives a call from a user asking how to update Windows. Which of the following describes what the technician should do? 
 
A. Have the user consider using an iPad if the user is unable to complete updates. B. Have the user text the user's password to the technician. 
C. Ask the user to click in the Search field, type Check for Updates, and then press the Enter key. 
D. Advise the user to wait for an upcoming, automatic patch. 
 
Answer(s): C Explanation:  
The user is asking how to run an update, so tell them how to run an update.   
If the company blocks normal users from manually running updates then you would inform them about the patch day update but that wasn't in the question.  The question simply said that a user is asking how to run a Windows 10 update. 
 
QUESTION: 17 
When a user calls in to report an issue, a technician submits a ticket on the user's behalf. Which of the following practices should the technician use to make sure the ticket is associated with the correct user? 
 
A. Have the user provide a callback phone number to be added to the ticket. B. Assign the ticket to the department's power user. 
C. Register the ticket with a unique user identifier. 
D. Provide the user with a unique ticket number that can be referenced on subsequent calls. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 18 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	11 
220-1102 


Which of the following is the MOST important environmental concern inside a data center? 
 
A. Battery disposal 
B. Electrostatic discharge mats C. Toner disposal 
D. Humidity levels 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 19 
A user is unable to log in to the network. The network uses 802.1X with EAP-TLS to authenticate on the wired network. The user has been on an extended leave and has not logged in to the computer in several months. Which of the following is causing the log-in issue? 
 
A. Expired certificate B. OS update failure C. Service not started D. Application crash 
E. Profile rebuild needed 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 20 
A technician needs to format a USB drive to transfer 20GB of data from a Linux computer to a Windows computer. Which of the following filesystems will the technician MOST likely use? 
 
A. FAT32 B. ext4 C. NTFS D. exFAT 
 
Answer(s): D Explanation:  
The USB drive will be used to transfer 20GB of data, but it doesn't say if that data is one file that is 20GB in size or 20 different files that are each 1GB in size.  
 
However, if we assume that it is a single file that is 20GB then FAT32 is not an option because FAT32 only supports files up to 4GB in size. That rules out A. 
 
If we were transferring data from Linux to Linux we could use ext4, but the question states the data is going from Linux to Windows, so ext4 is not an option because Windows does not support ext4. That is a Linux file system. That rules out B. 
 
Theoretically, C and D could both be correct, as NTFS and exFAT are both supported by Windows and Linux and can be used on USB drives. However, the question is asking which is MOST likely. Since exFAT is the standard for USB Drives (while NTFS is the standard for hard drives). 
 
QUESTION: 21 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	12 
220-1102 


Following the latest Windows update, PDF files are opening in Microsoft Edge instead of Adobe Reader. Which of the following utilities should be used to ensure all PDF files open in Adobe Reader? 
 
A. Network and Sharing Center B. Programs and Features 
C. Default Apps 
D. Add or Remove Programs 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 22 
A technician needs to exclude an application folder from being cataloged by a Windows 10 search. Which of the following utilities should be used? 
 
A. Privacy 
B. Indexing Options C. System 
D. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 23 
As part of a CYOD policy, a systems administrator needs to configure each user's Windows device to require a password when resuming from a period of sleep or inactivity. Which of the following paths will lead the administrator to the correct settings? 
 
A. Use Settings to access Screensaver settings. 
B. Use Settings to access Screen Timeout settings. C. Use Settings to access General. 
D. Use Settings to access Display. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 24 
A technician is working with a company to determine the best way to transfer sensitive personal information between offices when conducting business. The company currently uses USB drives and is resistant to change. The company's compliance officer states that all media at rest must be encrypted. Which of the following would be the BEST way to secure the current workflow? 
 
A. Deploy a secondary hard drive with encryption on the appropriate workstation. B. Configure a hardened SFTP portal for file transfers between file servers. 
C. Require files to be individually password protected with unique passwords. D. Enable BitLocker To Go with a password that meets corporate requirements. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 25 
The command cat comptia.txt was issued on a Linux terminal. Which of the following results should be expected? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	13 
220-1102 


 
A. The contents of the text comptia.txt will be replaced with a new blank document. B. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be displayed. 
C. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be categorized in alphabetical order. D. The contents of the text comptia.txt would be copied to another comptia.txt file. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 26 
An incident handler needs to preserve evidence for possible litigation. Which of the following will the incident handler MOST likely do to preserve the evidence? 
 
A. Encrypt the files. 
B. Clone any impacted hard drives. 
C. Contact the cyber insurance company. D. Inform law enforcement. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 27 
A technician needs to recommend the best backup method that will mitigate ransomware attacks. Only a few files are regularly modified; however, storage space is a concern. Which of the following backup methods would BEST address these concerns? 
 
A. Full 
B. Differential C. Off-site 
D. Grandfather-father-son 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 28 
A technician is troubleshooting a customer's PC and receives a phone call. The technician does not take the call and sets the phone to silent. Which of the following BEST describes the technician's actions? 
 
A. Avoid distractions 
B. Deal appropriately with customer's confidential material C. Adhere to user privacy policy 
D. Set and meet timelines 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 29 
A technician needs to transfer a large number of files over an unreliable connection. The technician should be able to resume the process if the connection is interrupted. Which of the following tools can be used? 
 
A. sfc 
B. chkdsk C. git clone 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	14 
220-1102 


D. robocopy 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 30 
A company installed a new backup and recovery system. Which of the following types of backups should be completed FIRST? 
 
A. Full 
B. Non-parity C. Differential D. Incremental 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 31 
A user's smartphone data usage is well above average. The user suspects an installed application is transmitting data in the background. The user would like to be alerted when an application attempts to communicate with the internet. Which of the following BEST addresses the user's concern? 
 
A. Operating system updates B. Remote wipe 
C. Antivirus D. Firewall 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 32 
A technician has been tasked with installing a workstation that will be used for point-of-sale transactions. The point-of-sale system will process credit cards and loyalty cards. Which of the following encryption technologies should be used to secure the workstation in case of theft? 
 
A. Data-in-transit encryption B. File encryption 
C. USB drive encryption D. Disk encryption 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 33 
A user contacted the help desk to report pop-ups on a company workstation, indicating the computer has been infected with 137 viruses and payment is needed to remove them. The user thought the company-provided antivirus software would prevent this issue. The help desk ticket states that the user only receives these messages when first opening the web browser. Which of the following steps would MOST likely resolve the issue? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Scan the computer with the company-provided antivirus software. B. Install a new hard drive and clone the user's drive to it. 
C. Deploy an ad-blocking extension to the browser. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	15 
220-1102 


D. Uninstall the company-provided antivirus software. 
E. Click the link in the messages to pay for virus removal. F. Perform a reset on the user's web browser. 
 
Answer(s): A, F 
 
QUESTION: 34 
A technician is installing new software on a macOS computer. Which of the following file types will the technician MOST likely use? 
 
A. .deb B. .vbs C. .exe D. .app 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 35 
A technician is investigating an employee's smartphone that has the following symptoms: 
• The device is hot, even when it is not in use. 
• Applications crash, especially when others are launched. 
• Certain applications, such as GPS, are in portrait mode when they should be in landscape mode. 
 
Which of the following can the technician do to MOST likely resolve these issues with minimal impact? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Turn on autorotation. B. Activate airplane mode. 
C. Close unnecessary applications. D. Perform a factory reset. 
E. Update the device's operating system. 
F. Reinstall the applications that have crashed. 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 36 
A customer reported that a home PC with Windows 10 installed in the default configuration is having issues loading applications after a reboot occurred in the middle of the night. Which of the following is the FIRST step in troubleshooting? 
 
A. Install alternate open-source software in place of the applications with issues. 
B. Run both CPU and memory tests to ensure that all hardware functionality is normal. C. Check for any installed patches and roll them back one at a time until the issue is resolved. 
D. Reformat the hard drive, and then reinstall the newest Windows 10 release and all applications. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 37 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	16 
220-1102 


Which of the following could be used to implement secure physical access to a data center? 
 
A. Geofence 
B. Alarm system C. Badge reader D. Motion sensor 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 38 
The Chief Executive Officer at a bank recently saw a news report about a high-profile cybercrime where a remote-access tool that the bank uses for support was also used in this crime. The report stated that attackers were able to brute force passwords to access systems. Which of the following would BEST limit the bank's risk? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable multifactor authentication for each support account. 
B. Limit remote access to destinations inside the corporate network. C. Block all support accounts from logging in from foreign countries. D. Configure a replacement remote-access tool for support cases. E. Purchase a password manager for remote-access tool users. 
F. Enforce account lockouts after five bad password attempts. 
 
Answer(s): A, F 
 
QUESTION: 39 
A user reports a computer is running slow. Which of the following tools will help a technician identify the issue? 
 
A. Disk Cleanup 
B. Group Policy Editor C. Disk Management D. Resource Monitor 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 40 
Upon downloading a new ISO, an administrator is presented with the following string: 59d15a16ce90c8ee97fa7c211b7673a8 
 
Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of this string? 
 
A. XSS verification 
B. AES-256 verification C. Hash verification 
D. Digital signature verification 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 41 
A user's mobile phone has become sluggish. A systems administrator discovered several malicious applications on the device and reset the phone. The administrator installed MDM 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	17 
220-1102 


software. Which of the following should the administrator do to help secure the device against this threat in the future? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Prevent a device root. 
B. Disable biometric authentication. 
C. Require a PIN on the unlock screen. D. Enable developer mode. 
E. Block a third-party application installation. F. Prevent GPS spoofing. 
 
Answer(s): A, E 
 
QUESTION: 42 
A technician is unable to join a Windows 10 laptop to a domain. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason? 
 
A. The domain's processor compatibility is not met. B. The laptop has Windows 10 Home installed. 
C. The laptop does not have an onboard Ethernet adapter. 
D. The laptop does not have all current Windows updates installed. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 43 
Which of the following OS types provides a lightweight option for workstations that need an easy-to-use, browser-based interface? 
 
A. FreeBSD B. Chrome OS C. macOS 
D. Windows 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 44 
A user has requested help setting up the fingerprint reader on a Windows 10 laptop. The laptop is equipped with a fingerprint reader and is joined to a domain. 
Group Policy enables Windows Hello on all computers in the environment. Which of the following options describes how to set up Windows Hello Fingerprint for the user? 
 
A. Navigate to the Control Panel utility, select the Security and Maintenance submenu, select Change Security and Maintenance settings, select Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates setup is complete. 
B. Navigate to the Windows 10 Settings menu, select the Accounts submenu, select Sign-in options, select Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates setup is complete. 
C. Navigate to the Windows 10 Settings menu, select the Update & Security submenu, select Windows Security, select Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates setup is complete. 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	18 
220-1102 


D. Navigate to the Control Panel utility, select the Administrative Tools submenu, select the user account in the list, select Windows Hello Fingerprint, and have the user place a fingerprint on the fingerprint reader repeatedly until Windows indicates setup is complete. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 45 
An architecture firm is considering upgrading its computer-aided design (CAD) software to the newest version that forces storage of backups of all CAD files on the software's cloud server. Which of the following is MOST likely to be of concern to the IT manager? 
 
A. All updated software must be tested with all system types and accessories. B. Extra technician hours must be budgeted during installation of updates. 
C. Network utilization will be significantly increased due to the size of CAD files. D. Large update and installation files will overload the local hard drives. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 46 
Someone who is fraudulently claiming to be from a reputable bank calls a company employee. Which of the following describes this incident? 
 
A. Pretexting B. Spoofing C. Vishing 
D. Scareware 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 47 
The network was breached over the weekend. System logs indicate that a single user's account was successfully breached after 500 attempts with a dictionary attack. Which of the following would BEST mitigate this threat? 
 
A. Encryption at rest B. Account lockout 
C. Automatic screen lock D. Antivirus 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 48 
A user reports a PC is running slowly. The technician suspects it has a badly fragmented hard drive. Which of the following tools should the technician use? 
 
A. resmon.exe B. msconfig.exe C. dfrgui.exe 
D. msinfo32.exe 
 
Answer(s): C 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	19 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 49 
A company has just refreshed several desktop PCs. The hard drives contain PII. Which of the following is the BEST method to dispose of the drives? 
 
A. Drilling 
B. Degaussing 
C. Low-level formatting D. Erasing/wiping 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 50 
Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective version of Windows 10 that allows remote access through Remote Desktop? 
 
A. Home 
B. Pro for Workstations C. Enterprise 
D. Pro 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 51 
A user created a file on a shared drive and wants to prevent its data from being accidentally deleted by others. Which of the following applications should the technician use to assist the user with hiding the file? 
 
A. Device Manager B. Indexing Options C. File Explorer 
D. Administrative Tools 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 52 
A user is configuring a new SOHO Wi-Fi router for the first time. Which of the following settings should the user change FIRST? 
 
A. Encryption 
B. Wi-Fi channel 
C. Default passwords D. Service set identifier 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 53 
A technician has spent hours trying to resolve a computer issue for the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO needs the device returned as soon as possible. Which of the following step should the technician take NEXT? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	20 
220-1102 


A. Continue researching the issue. B. Repeat the iterative processes. 
C. Inform the CEO the repair will take a couple of weeks. D. Escalate the ticket. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 54 
Which of the following must be maintained throughout the forensic evidence life cycle when dealing with a piece of evidence? 
 
A. Acceptable use B. Chain of custody C. Security policy 
D. Information management 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 55 
A technician is configuring a SOHO device. Company policy dictates that static IP addresses cannot be used. The company wants the server to maintain the same 
IP address at all times. Which of the following should the technician use? 
 
A. DHCP reservation B. Port forwarding C. DNS A record 
D. NAT 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 56 
Security software was accidentally uninstalled from all servers in the environment. After requesting the same version of the software be reinstalled, the security analyst learns that a change request will need to be filled out. Which of the following is the BEST reason to follow the change management process in this scenario? 
 
A. Owners can be notified a change is being made and can monitor it for performance impact. 
B. A risk assessment can be performed to determine if the software is needed. C. End users can be aware of the scope of the change. 
D. A rollback plan can be implemented in case the software breaks an application. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 57 
Once weekly, a user needs Linux to run a specific open-source application that is not available for the currently installed Windows platform. The user has limited bandwidth throughout the day. Which of the following solutions would be the MOST efficient, allowing for parallel execution of the Linux application and Windows applications? 
 
A. Install and run Linux and the required application in a PaaS cloud environment. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	21 
220-1102 


B. Install and run Linux and the required application as a virtual machine installed under the Windows OS. 
C. Use a swappable drive bay for the boot drive and install each OS with applications on its own drive. Swap the drives as needed. 
D. Set up a dual boot system by selecting the option to install Linux alongside Windows. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 58 
A user connects a laptop that is running Windows 10 to a docking station with external monitors when working at a desk. The user would like to close the laptop when it is docked, but the user reports it goes to sleep when it is closed. Which of the following is the BEST solution to prevent the laptop from going to sleep when it is closed and on the docking station? 
 
A. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, click the Change Plan Settings button for the enabled power plan and select Put the Computer to Sleep under the Plugged In category to Never. 
B. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, click the Change Plan Settings button for the enabled power plan and select Put the Computer to Sleep under the On Battery category to Never. 
C. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, select the option Choose When to Turn Off the Display and select Turn Off the Display under the Plugged In category to Never. D. Within the Power Options of the Control Panel utility, select the option Choose What Closing the Lid Does and select When I Close the Lid under the Plugged In category to Do Nothing. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 59 
A user attempts to open some files, but a message appears stating that the files are encrypted. The user was able to access these files before without receiving this message, and no changes have been made within the company. Which of the following has infected the computer? 
 
A. Cryptominer B. Phishing 
C. Ransomware D. Keylogger 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 60 
A technician is replacing the processor in a desktop computer. Prior to opening the computer, the technician wants to ensure the internal components are protected. Which of the following safety procedures would BEST protect the components in the PC? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Utilizing an ESD strap 
B. Disconnecting the computer from the power source C. Placing the PSU in an antistatic bag 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	22 
220-1102 


D. Ensuring proper ventilation 
E. Removing dust from the ventilation fans F. Ensuring equipment is grounded 
 
Answer(s): A, B 
 
QUESTION: 61 
A user wants to set up speech recognition on a PC. In which of the following Windows Settings tools can the user enable this option? 
 
A. Language B. System 
C. Personalization D. Ease of Access 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 62 
A user reports that antivirus software indicates a computer is infected with viruses. The user thinks this happened while browsing the internet. The technician does not recognize the interface with which the antivirus message is presented. Which of the following is the NEXT step the technician should take? 
 
A. Shut down the infected computer and swap it with another computer. B. Investigate what the interface is and what triggered it to pop up. 
C. Proceed with initiating a full scan and removal of the viruses using the presented interface. 
D. Call the phone number displayed in the interface of the antivirus removal tool. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 63 
A technician found that an employee is mining cryptocurrency on a work desktop. The company has decided that this action violates its guidelines. Which of the following should be updated to reflect this new requirement? 
 
A. MDM B. EULA C. IRP D. AUP 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 64 
An organization is centralizing support functions and requires the ability to support a remote user's desktop. Which of the following technologies will allow a technician to see the issue along with the user? 
 
A. RDP B. VNC C. SSH 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	23 
220-1102 


D. VPN 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 65 
Which of the following provide the BEST way to secure physical access to a data center server room? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Biometric lock B. Badge reader C. USB token 
D. Video surveillance E. Locking rack 
F. Access control vestibule 
 
Answer(s): A, B 
 
QUESTION: 66 
Which of the following Wi-Fi protocols is the MOST secure? 
 
A. WPA3 
B. WPA-AES C. WEP 
D. WPA-TKIP 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 67 
A department has the following technical requirements for a new application: 
 
• Quad Core processor 
• 250GB of hard drive space 
• 6GB of RAM 
• Touch screens 
 
The company plans to upgrade from a 32-bit Windows OS to a 64-bit OS. Which of the following will the company be able to fully take advantage of after the upgrade? 
 
A. CPU 
B. Hard drive C. RAM 
D. Touch screen 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 68 
A user is unable to log in to the domain with a desktop PC, but a laptop PC is working properly on the same network. A technician logs in to the desktop PC with a local account but is unable to browse to the secure intranet site to get troubleshooting tools. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue? 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	24 
220-1102 


 
A. Time drift 
B. Dual in-line memory module failure C. Application crash 
D. Filesystem errors 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 69 
A user reports that a workstation is operating sluggishly. Several other users operate on the same workstation and have reported that the workstation is operating normally. The systems administrator has validated that the workstation functions normally. Which of the following steps should the systems administrator most likely attempt NEXT? 
 
A. Increase the paging file size. B. Run the chkdsk command. C. Rebuild the user's profile. 
D. Add more system memory. E. Defragment the hard drive. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 70 
A technician is setting up a desktop computer in a small office. The user will need to access files on a drive shared from another desktop on the network. Which of the following configurations should the technician employ to achieve this goal? 
 
A. Configure the network as private. B. Enable a proxy server. 
C. Grant the network administrator role to the user. D. Create a shortcut to public documents. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 71 
Which of the following is a proprietary Cisco AAA protocol? 
 
A. TKIP B. AES 
C. RADIUS. D. TACACS+ 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 72 
A technician is asked to resize a partition on the internal storage drive of a computer running macOS. Which of the followings tools should the technician use to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Console B. Disk Utility 
C. Time Machine 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	25 
220-1102 


D. FileVault 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 73 
A desktop specialist needs to prepare a laptop running Windows 10 for a newly hired employee. Which of the following methods should the technician use to refresh the laptop? 
 
A. Internet-based upgrade B. Repair installation 
C. Clean install D. USB repair 
E. In-place upgrade 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 74 
A user reports that a PC seems to be running more slowly than usual. A technician checks system resources, but disk, CPU, and memory usage seem to be fine. 
The technician sees that GPU temperature is extremely high. Which of the following types of malware is MOST likely to blame? 
 
A. Spyware 
B. Cryptominer C. Ransomware 
D. Boot sector virus 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 75 
A user is experiencing frequent malware symptoms on a Windows workstation. The user has tried several times to roll back the state, but the malware persists. 
Which of the following would MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Quarantining system files B. Reimaging the workstation C. Encrypting the hard drive D. Disabling TLS 1.0 support 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 76 
A change advisory board did not approve a requested change due to the lack of alternative actions if implementation failed. Which of the following should be updated before requesting approval again? 
 
A. Scope of change B. Risk level 
C. Rollback plan 
D. End user acceptance 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	26 
220-1102 


Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 77 
A technician is setting up a new laptop. The company's security policy states that users cannot install virtual machines. Which of the following should the technician implement to prevent users from enabling virtual technology on their laptops? 
 
A. UEFI password B. Secure boot 
C. Account lockout 
D. Restricted user permissions 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 78 
During a recent flight, an executive unexpectedly received several dog and cat pictures while trying to watch a movie via in-flight Wi-Fi on an iPhone. The executive has no records of any contacts sending pictures like these and has not seen these pictures before. To BEST resolve this issue, the executive should: 
 
A. set AirDrop so that transfers are only accepted from known contacts. B. completely disable all wireless systems during the flight. 
C. discontinue using iMessage and only use secure communication applications. D. only allow messages and calls from saved contacts. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 79 
A technician receives a call from a user who is unable to open Outlook. The user states that Outlook worked fine yesterday, but the computer may have restarted sometime overnight. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason Outlook has stopped functioning? 
 
A. Spam filter installation B. Invalid registry settings C. Malware infection 
D. Operating system update 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 80 
A bank would like to enhance building security in order to prevent vehicles from driving into the building while also maintaining easy access for customers. Which of the following BEST addresses this need? 
 
A. Guards B. Bollards 
C. Motion sensors 
D. Access control vestibule 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	27 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 81 
After a company installed a new SOHO router, customers were unable to access the company-hosted public website. Which of the following will MOST likely allow customers to access the website? 
 
A. Port forwarding B. Firmware updates C. IP filtering 
D. Content filtering 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 82 
Which of the following is the proper way for a technician to dispose of used printer consumables? 
 
A. Proceed with the custom manufacturer's procedure. 
B. Proceed with the disposal of consumables in standard trash receptacles. 
C. Empty any residual Ink or toner from consumables before disposing of them in a standard recycling bin. 
D. Proceed with the disposal of consumables in standard recycling bins. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 83 
An Android user reports that when attempting to open the company's proprietary mobile application, it immediately closes. The user states that the issue persists, even after rebooting the phone. The application contains critical information that cannot be lost. Which of the following steps should a systems administrator attempt FIRST? 
 
A. Uninstall and reinstall the application. B. Reset the phone to factory settings. 
C. Install an alternative application with similar functionality. D. Clear the application cache. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 84 
A wireless network is set up, but it is experiencing some interference from other nearby SSIDs. Which of the following can BEST resolve the interference? 
 
A. Changing channels 
B. Modifying the wireless security C. Disabling the SSID broadcast 
D. Changing the access point name 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 85 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	28 
220-1102 


A user rotates a cell phone horizontally to read emails, but the display remains vertical, even though the settings indicate autorotate is on. Which of the following will MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Recalibrating the magnetometer B. Recalibrating the compass 
C. Recalibrating the digitizer 
D. Recalibrating the accelerometer 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 86 
A Microsoft Windows PC needs to be set up for a user at a large corporation. The user will need access to the corporate domain to access email and shared drives. Which of the following versions of Windows would a technician MOST likely deploy for the user? 
 
A. Windows Enterprise Edition B. Windows Professional Edition 
C. Windows Server Standard Edition D. Windows Home Edition 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 87 
An Android user contacts the help desk because a company smartphone failed to complete a tethered OS update. A technician determines there are no error messages on the device. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT? 
 
A. Verify all third-party applications are disabled. 
B. Determine if the device has adequate storage available. C. Check if the battery is sufficiently charged. 
D. Confirm a strong internet connection is available using Wi-Fi or cellular data. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 88 
A technician just completed a Windows 10 installation on a PC that has a total of 16GB of RAM. The technician notices the Windows OS has only 4GB of RAM available for use. Which of the following explains why the OS can only access 4GB of RAM? 
 
A. The UEFI settings need to be changed. 
B. The RAM has compatibility issues with Windows 10. C. Some of the RAM is defective. 
D. The newly installed OS is x86. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 89 
A call center handles inquiries into billing issues for multiple medical facilities. A security analyst notices that call center agents often walk away from their workstations, leaving 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	29 
220-1102 


patient data visible for anyone to see. Which of the following should a network administrator do to BEST prevent data theft within the call center? 
 
A. Encrypt the workstation hard drives. 
B. Lock the workstations after five minutes of inactivity. C. Install privacy screens. 
D. Log off the users when their workstations are not in use. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 90 
An organization's Chief Financial Officer (CFO) is concerned about losing access to very sensitive, legacy, unmaintained PII on a workstation if a ransomware outbreak occurs. The CFO has a regulatory requirement to retain this data for many years. Which of the following backup methods would BEST meet the requirements? 
 
A. A daily, incremental backup that is saved to the corporate file server B. An additional, secondary hard drive in a mirrored RAID configuration C. A full backup of the data that is stored off site in cold storage 
D. Weekly, differential backups that are stored in a cloud-hosting provider 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 91 
A police officer often leaves a workstation for several minutes at a time. Which of the following is the BEST way the officer can secure the workstation quickly when walking away? 
 
A. Use a key combination to lock the computer when leaving. B. Ensure no unauthorized personnel are in the area. 
C. Configure a screensaver to lock the computer automatically after approximately 30 minutes of inactivity. 
D. Turn off the monitor to prevent unauthorized visibility of information. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 92 
A homeowner recently moved and requires a new router for the new ISP to function correctly. The internet service has been installed and has been confirmed as functional. Which of the following is the FIRST step the homeowner should take after installation of all relevant cabling and hardware? 
 
A. Convert the PC from a DHCP assignment to a static IP address. B. Run a speed test to ensure the advertised speeds are met 
C. Test all network sharing and printing functionality the customer uses. D. Change the default passwords on new network devices. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 93 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	30 
220-1102 


While browsing a website, a staff member received a message that the website could not be trusted. Shortly afterward, several other colleagues reported the same issue across numerous other websites. Remote users who were not connected to corporate resources did not have any issues. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of this issue? 
 
A. A bad antivirus signature update was installed. 
B. A router was misconfigured and was blocking traffic. C. An upstream internet service provider was flapping. D. The time or date was not in sync with the website. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 94 
Which of the following data is MOST likely to be regulated? 
 
A. Name in a phone book 
B. Name on a medical diagnosis C. Name on a job application 
D. Name on an employer's website 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 95 
A company is deploying mobile phones on a one-to-one basis, but the IT manager is concerned that users will root/jailbreak their phones. Which of the following technologies can be implemented to prevent this issue? 
 
A. Signed system images B. Antivirus 
C. SSO D. MDM 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 96 
A technician is setting up a conference room computer with a script that boots the application on log-in. Which of the following would the technician use to accomplish this task? (Choose two.) 
 
A. File Explorer B. Startup Folder 
C. System Information 
D. Programs and Features E. Task Scheduler 
F. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): B, E 
 
QUESTION: 97 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	31 
220-1102 


A systems administrator needs to reset a user's password because the user forgot it. The systems administrator creates the new password and wants to further protect the user's account. Which of the following should the systems administrator do? 
 
A. Require the user to change the password at the next log-in B. Disallow the user from changing the password. 
C. Disable the account. 
D. Choose a password that never expires. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 98 
A technician downloaded software from the Internet that required the technician to scroll through a text box and at the end of the text box, click a button labelled Accept. Which of the following agreements is MOST likely in use? 
 
A. DRM B. NDA C. EULA D. MOU 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 99 
Which of the following command-line tools will delete a directory? 
 
A. md B. del C. dir D. rd E. cd 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 100 
A technician is troubleshooting a computer with a suspected short in the power supply. Which of the following is the FIRST step the technician should take? 
 
A. Put on an ESD strap. 
B. Disconnect the power before servicing the PC. C. Place the PC on a grounded work bench. 
D. Place components on an ESD mat. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 101 
A systems administrator is tasked with configuring desktop systems to use a new proxy server that the organization has added to provide content filtering. Which of the following Windows utilities is the BEST choice for accessing the necessary configuration to complete this goal? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	32 
220-1102 


A. Security and Maintenance B. Network and Sharing Center C. Windows Defender Firewall D. Internet Options 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 102 
An analyst needs GUI access to server software running on a macOS server. Which of the following options provides the BEST way for the analyst to access the macOS server from the Windows workstation? 
 
A. RDP through RD Gateway B. Apple Remote Desktop 
C. SSH access with SSH keys 
D. VNC with username and password 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 103 
Which of the following is an example of MFA? 
 
A. Fingerprint scan and retina scan B. Password and PIN 
C. Username and password D. Smart card and password 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 104 
A user turns on a new laptop and attempts to log in to specialized software, but receives a message stating that the address is already in use. The user logs on to the old desktop and receives the same message. A technician checks the account and sees a comment that the user requires a specifically allocated address before connecting to the software. Which of the following should the technician do to MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Bridge the LAN connection between the laptop and the desktop. B. Set the laptop configuration to DHCP to prevent conflicts. 
C. Remove the static IP configuration from the desktop. 
D. Replace the network card in the laptop, as it may be defective. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 105 
A user is having issues with document-processing software on a Windows workstation. Other users that log in to the same device do not have the same issue. 
Which of the following should a technician do to remediate the issue? 
 
A. Roll back the updates. B. Increase the page file. C. Update the drivers. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	33 
220-1102 


D. Rebuild the profile. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 106 
Which of the following is the MOST basic version of Windows that includes BitLocker? 
 
A. Home B. Pro 
C. Enterprise 
D. Pro for Workstations 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 107 
A Windows user reported that a pop-up indicated a security issue. During inspection, an antivirus system identified malware from a recent download, but it was unable to remove the malware. Which of the following actions would be BEST to remove the malware while also preserving the user's files? 
 
A. Run the virus scanner in an administrative mode. B. Reinstall the operating system. 
C. Reboot the system in safe mode and rescan. D. Manually delete the infected files. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 108 
A technician is installing a new business application on a user's desktop computer. The machine is running Windows 10 Enterprise 32-bit operating system. Which of the following files should the technician execute in order to complete the installation? 
 
A. Installer_x64.exe B. Installer_Files.zip C. Installer_32.msi D. Installer_x86.exe 
E. Installer_Win10Enterprise.dmg 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 109 
A user calls the help desk to report potential malware on a computer. The anomalous activity began after the user clicked a link to a free gift card in a recent email. 
The technician asks the user to describe any unusual activity, such as slow performance, excessive pop-ups, and browser redirections. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT? 
 
A. Advise the user to run a complete system scan using the OS anti-malware application. B. Guide the user to reboot the machine into safe mode and verify whether the anomalous activities are still present. 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	34 
220-1102 


C. Have the user check for recently installed applications and outline those installed since the link in the email was clicked. 
D. Instruct the user to disconnect the Ethernet connection to the corporate network. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 110 
A technician is setting up a new laptop for an employee who travels. Which of the following is the BEST security practice for this scenario? 
 
A. PIN-based login 
B. Quarterly password changes C. Hard drive encryption 
D. A physical laptop lock 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 111 
A technician is troubleshooting a lack of outgoing audio on a third-party Windows 10 VoIP application. The PC uses a USB microphone connected to a powered hub. The technician verifies the microphone works on the PC using Voice Recorder. Which of the following should the technician do to solve the issue? 
 
A. Remove the microphone from the USB hub and plug it directly into a USB port on the PC. B. Enable the microphone under Windows Privacy settings to allow desktop applications to access it. 
C. Delete the microphone from Device Manager and scan for new hardware. D. Replace the USB microphone with one that uses a traditional 3.5mm plug. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 112 
A user who is unable to connect to the network submits a help desk ticket. The assigned help desk technician inquires about whether any recent changes have been made. The user reports there is construction activity in the surrounding offices. The help desk technician proceeds to ping the user's desktop, which does not respond. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue? 
 
A. A duplicate IP address has been issued to the user's desktop. B. The HDD of the OS is failing. 
C. The network cable has become disconnected. D. Malware has infected the system. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 113 
A user has been unable to access a website and has submitted a help desk ticket. The website has been verified to be online. Which of the following troubleshooting steps will MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Deleting the browser history 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	35 
220-1102 


B. Clearing the cache 
C. Enabling private mode browsing D. Enabling ad blocking 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 114 
A desktop support technician is tasked with migrating several PCs from Windows 7 Pro to Windows 10 Pro. The technician must ensure files and user preferences are retained, must perform the operation locally, and should migrate one station at a time. Which of the following methods would be MOST efficient? 
 
A. Golden image 
B. Remote network install C. In-place upgrade 
D. Clean install 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 115 
The findings from a security audit indicate the risk of data loss from lost or stolen laptops is high. The company wants to reduce this risk with minimal impact to users who want to use their laptops when not on the network. Which of the following would BEST reduce this risk for Windows laptop users? 
 
A. Requiring strong passwords B. Disabling cached credentials C. Requiring MFA to sign on 
D. Enabling BitLocker on all hard drives 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 116 
A technician has been asked to set up a new wireless router with the best possible security. Which of the following should the technician implement? 
 
A. WPS B. TKIP C. WPA3 D. WEP 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 117 
After returning from vacation, a user is unable to connect to the network at the corporate office. Windows allows the user to log in; however, no internal or external websites are accessible when running a browser. The user's expected network shares are unreachable, and all websites attempted return the message, `Hmm, we can't reach this page.` Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue? 
 
A. The user's password expired while on vacation. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	36 
220-1102 


B. The user clicked on a malicious email. 
C. The user connected to a captive portal while traveling. D. The user enabled airplane mode. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 118 
Which of the following file extensions are commonly used to install applications on a macOS machine? (Choose three.) 
 
A. .mac B. .pkg C. .deb D. .dmg E. .msi F. .appx G. .app H. .apk 
 
Answer(s): B, D, G 
 
QUESTION: 119 
A suite of security applications was installed a few days ago on a user's home computer. The user reports that the computer has been running slowly since the installation. The user notices the hard drive activity light is constantly solid. Which of the following should be checked FIRST? 
 
A. Services in Control Panel to check for overutilization B. Performance Monitor to check for resource utilization 
C. System File Checker to check for modified Windows files D. Event Viewer to identify errors 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 120 
A field technician applied a Group Policy setting to all the workstations in the network. This setting forced the workstations to use a specific SNTP server. Users are unable to log in now. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue? 
 
A. The SNTP server is offline. 
B. A user changed the time zone on a local machine. 
C. The Group Policy setting has disrupted domain authentication on the system. D. The workstations and the authentication server have a system clock difference. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 121 
A technician is setting up a backup method on a workstation that only requires two sets of tapes to restore. Which of the following would BEST accomplish this task? 
 
A. Differential backup 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	37 
220-1102 


B. Off-site backup 
C. Incremental backup D. Full backup 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 122 
A technician receives a call from a user who is on vacation. The user provides the necessary credentials and asks the technician to log in to the user's account and read a critical email that the user has been expecting. The technician refuses because this is a violation of the: 
 
A. acceptable use policy. 
B. regulatory compliance requirements. C. non-disclosure agreement. 
D. incident response procedures. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 123 
A technician received a call stating that all files in a user's documents folder appear to be changed, and each of the files now has a .lock file extension. Which of the following actions is the FIRST step the technician should take? 
 
A. Run a live disk clone. 
B. Run a full antivirus scan. 
C. Use a batch file to rename the files. 
D. Disconnect the machine from the network. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 124 
A user is attempting to browse the internet using Internet Explorer. When trying to load a familiar web page, the user is unexpectedly redirected to an unfamiliar website. Which of the following would MOST likely solve the issue? 
 
A. Updating the operating system B. Changing proxy settings 
C. Reinstalling the browser D. Enabling port forwarding 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 125 
An administrator has submitted a change request for an upcoming server deployment. Which of the following must be completed before the change can be approved? 
 
A. Risk analysis 
B. Sandbox testing 
C. End user acceptance D. Lessons learned 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	38 
220-1102 


Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 126 
Which of the following is a consequence of end-of life operating systems? 
 
A. Operating systems void the hardware warranty. B. Operating systems cease to function. 
C. Operating systems no longer receive updates. 
D. Operating systems are unable to migrate data to the new operating system. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 127 
A macOS user reports seeing a spinning round cursor on a program that appears to be frozen. Which of the following methods does the technician use to force the program to close in macOS? 
 
A. The technician presses the Ctrl+Alt+Del keys to open the Force Quit menu, selects the frozen application in the list, and clicks Force Quit. 
B. The technician clicks on the frozen application and presses and holds the Esc key on the keyboard for 10 seconds which causes the application to force quit. 
C. The technician opens Finder, navigates to the Applications folder, locates the application that is frozen in the list, right-clicks on the application, and selects the Force Quit option. 
D. The technician opens the Apple icon menu, selects Force Quit, selects the frozen application in the list, and clicks Force Quit. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 128 
A technician is tasked with configuring a computer for a visually impaired user. Which of the following utilities should the technician use? 
 
A. Device Manager B. System 
C. Ease of Access Center D. Programs and Features 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 129 
A user received the following error upon visiting a banking website: 
The security certificate presented by this website was issued for a different website's address. 
A technician should instruct the user to: 
 
A. clear the browser cache and contact the bank. B. close out of the site and contact the bank. 
C. continue to the site and contact the bank D. update the browser and contact the bank. 
 
Answer(s): B 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	39 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 130 
A technician connects an additional monitor to a PC using a USB port. The original HDMI monitor is mounted to the left of the new monitor. When moving the mouse to the right from the original monitor to the new monitor, the mouse stops at the end of the screen on the original monitor. Which of the following will allow the mouse to correctly move to the new monitor? 
 
A. Rearranging the monitor's position in display settings B. Swapping the cables for the monitors 
C. Using the Ctrl+Alt+=> to correct the display orientation D. Updating the display drivers for the video card 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 131 
A user is unable to use any internet-related functions on a smartphone when it is not connected to Wi-Fi. When the smartphone is connected to Wi-Fi, the user can browse the internet and send and receive email. The user is also able to send and receive text messages and phone calls when the smartphone is not connected to Wi-Fi. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the user is unable to use the internet on the smartphone when it is not connected to Wi-Fi? 
 
A. The smartphone's line was not provisioned with a data plan B. The smartphone's SIM card has failed. 
C. The smartphone's Bluetooth radio is disabled 
D. The smartphone has too many applications open 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 132 
A help desk technician runs the following script: Inventory.py. The technician receives the following error message: 
How do you want to open this file? 
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason this script is unable to run? 
 
A. Scripts are not permitted to run. 
B. The script was not built for Windows. 
C. The script requires administrator privileges. D. The runtime environment is not installed. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 133 
A company discovered that numerous computers from multiple geographic locations are sending a very high number of connection requests which is causing the company’s web server to become unavailable to the general public. Which of the following attacks is occurring? 
 
A. Zero day 
B. SQL injection 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	40 
220-1102 


C. Cross-site scripting 
D. Distributed denial of service 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 134 
A technician suspects the boot disk of a user’s computer contains bad sectors. Which of the following should the technician verify in the command prompt to address the issue without making any changes? 
 
A. Run sfc / scannow on the drive as the administrator B. Run cleanmgr on the drive as the administrator 
C. Run chkdsk on the drive as the administrator D. Run dfrgui on the drive as the administrator 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 135 
A BSOD appears on a user’s workstation monitor. The user immediately presses the power button to shut down the PC, hoping to repair the issue. The user then restarts the PC, and the BSOD reappears, so the user contacts the help desk. Which of the following should the technician use to determine the cause? 
 
A. Stop code 
B. Event Viewer C. Services 
D. System Configuration 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 136 
Which of the following is the STRONGEST wireless configuration? 
 
A. WPS B. WPA3 C. WEP D. WMN 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 137 
A technician is installing new network equipment in a SOHO and wants to ensure the equipment is secured against external threats on the Internet. Which of the following actions should the technician do FIRST? 
 
A. Lock all devices in a closet. 
B. Ensure all devices are from the same manufacturer. C. Change the default administrative password. 
D. Install the latest operating system and patches. 
 
Answer(s): C 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	41 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 138 
While assisting a customer with an issue, a support representative realizes the appointment is taking longer than expected and will cause the next customer meeting to be delayed by five minutes. Which of the following should the support representative do NEXT? 
 
A. Send a quick message regarding the delay to the next customer. 
B. Cut the current customer's time short and rush to the next customer. C. Apologize to the next customer when arriving late. 
D. Arrive late to the next meeting without acknowledging the time. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 139 
A user connected a laptop to a wireless network and was tricked into providing log-in credentials for a website. Which of the following threats was used to carry out the attack? 
 
A. Zero day B. Vishing C. DDoS D. Evil twin 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 140 
A new service desk is having a difficult time managing the volume of requests. Which of the following is the BEST solution for the department? 
 
A. Implementing a support portal B. Creating a ticketing system 
C. Commissioning an automated callback system D. Submitting tickets through email 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 141 
Which of the following Linux commands would be used to install an application? 
 
A. yum B. grep C. ls 
D. sudo 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 142 
A network administrator is deploying a client certificate to be used for Wi-Fi access for all devices in an organization. The certificate will be used in conjunction with the user's existing username and password. Which of the following BEST describes the security benefits realized after this deployment? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	42 
220-1102 


A. Multifactor authentication will be forced for Wi-Fi. B. All Wi-Fi traffic will be encrypted in transit. 
C. Eavesdropping attempts will be prevented. D. Rogue access points will not connect. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 143 
A user in a corporate office reports the inability to connect to any network drives. No other users have reported this issue. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the user is having this issue? 
 
A. The user is not connected to the VPN. B. The file server is offline. 
C. A low battery is preventing the connection. D. The log-in script failed. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 144 
A user reports a PC is running slowly. The technician suspects high disk I/O. Which of the following should the technician perform NEXT? 
 
A. resmon.exe B. msconfig.exe C. dfrgui.exe 
D. msinfo32.exe 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 145 
A user enabled a mobile device's screen lock function with pattern unlock. The user is concerned someone could access the mobile device by repeatedly attempting random patterns to unlock the device. Which of the following features BEST addresses the user's concern? 
 
A. Remote wipe B. Anti-malware 
C. Device encryption 
D. Failed login restrictions 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 146 
Which of the following is MOST likely contained in an EULA? 
 
A. Chain of custody 
B. Backup of software code 
C. Personally identifiable information D. Restrictions of use 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	43 
220-1102 


Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 147 
A junior administrator is responsible for deploying software to a large group of computers in an organization. The administrator finds a script on a popular coding website to automate this distribution but does not understand the scripting language. Which of the following BEST describes the risks in running this script? 
 
A. The instructions from the software company are not being followed. B. Security controls will treat automated deployments as malware. 
C. The deployment script is performing unknown actions. D. Copying scripts off the internet is considered plagiarism. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 148 
A user opened a ticket regarding a corporate-managed mobile device. The assigned technician notices the OS is several versions out of date. The user is unaware the OS version is not current because auto-update is turned on. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the issue? 
 
A. The device does not have enough free space to download the OS updates. B. The device needs user confirmation to update to a major release. 
C. The device is not compatible with the newest version of the OS. 
D. The device is restricted from updating due to a corporate security policy. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 149 
A technician receives a ticket indicating the user cannot resolve external web pages. However, specific IP addresses are working. Which of the following does the technician MOST likely need to change on the workstation to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Default gateway B. Host address 
C. Name server D. Subnet mask 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 150 
An administrator has received approval for a change request for an upcoming server deployment. Which of the following steps should be completed NEXT? 
 
A. Perform a risk analysis. 
B. Implement the deployment. C. Verify end user acceptance. 
D. Document the lessons learned. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	44 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 151 
A user calls the help desk to report that Windows installed updates on a laptop and rebooted overnight. When the laptop started up again, the touchpad was no longer working. The technician thinks the software that controls the touchpad might be the issue. Which of the following tools should the technician use to make adjustments? 
 
A. eventvwr.msc B. perfmon.msc C. gpedit.msc 
D. devmgmt.msc 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 152 
Antivirus software indicates that a workstation is infected with ransomware that cannot be quarantined. Which of the following should be performed FIRST to prevent further damage to the host and other systems? 
 
A. Power off the machine. B. Run a full antivirus scan. C. Remove the LAN card. 
D. Install a different endpoint solution. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 153 
A technician has been tasked with troubleshooting audiovisual issues in a conference room. The meeting presenters are unable to play a video with sound. The following error is received: 
 
The Audio Driver is not running. 
 
Which of the following will MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. compmgmt.msc B. regedit.exe 
C. explorer.exe D. taskmgr.exe E. gpmc.msc F. services.msc 
 
Answer(s): F 
 
QUESTION: 154 
A technician installed a new application on a workstation. For the program to function properly, it needs to be listed in the Path Environment Variable. Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the technician use? 
 
A. System 
B. Indexing Options C. Device Manager 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	45 
220-1102 


D. Programs and Features 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 155 
A systems administrator is setting up a Windows computer for a new user. Corporate policy requires a least privilege environment. The user will need to access advanced features and configuration settings for several applications. Which of the following BEST describes the account access level the user will need? 
 
A. Power user account B. Standard account C. Guest account 
D. Administrator account 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 156 
A technician downloads a validated security tool and notes the vendor hash of a11e11a1. When the download is complete, the technician again validates the hash, but the value returns as 2a222a2b2. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue? 
 
A. Private-browsing mode B. Invalid certificate 
C. Modified file 
D. Browser cache 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 157 
A company needs to securely dispose of data stored on optical discs. Which of the following is the MOST effective method to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Degaussing 
B. Low-level formatting C. Recycling 
D. Shredding 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 158 
A mobile phone user has downloaded a new payment application that allows payments to be made with a mobile device. The user attempts to use the device at a payment terminal but is unable to do so successfully. The user contacts a help desk technician to report the issue. Which of the following should the technician confirm NEXT as part of the troubleshooting process? 
 
A. If airplane mode is enabled B. If Bluetooth is disabled 
C. If NFC is enabled D. If Wi-Fi is enabled 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	46 
220-1102 


E. If location services are disabled 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 159 
A Chief Executive Officer has learned that an exploit has been identified on the web server software, and a patch is not available yet. Which of the following attacks MOST likely occurred? 
 
A. Brute force B. Zero day 
C. Denial of service D. On-path 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 160 
A user has a license for an application that is in use on a personal home laptop. The user approaches a systems administrator about using the same license on multiple computers on the corporate network. Which of the following BEST describes what the systems administrator should tell the user? 
 
A. Use the application only on the home laptop because it contains the initial license. B. Use the application at home and contact the vendor regarding a corporate license. C. Use the application on any computer since the user has a license. 
D. Use the application only on corporate computers. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 161 
A technician needs to interconnect two offices to the main branch while complying with good practices and security standards. Which of the following should the technician implement? 
 
A. MSRA B. VNC C. VPN D. SSH 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 162 
A user receives a notification indicating the data plan on the user's corporate phone has reached its limit. The user has also noted the performance of the phone is abnormally slow. A technician discovers a third-party GPS application was installed on the phone. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause? 
 
A. The GPS application is installing software updates. B. The GPS application contains malware. 
C. The GPS application is updating its geospatial map data. D. The GPS application is conflicting with the built-in GPS. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	47 
220-1102 


Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 163 
A technician needs to document who had possession of evidence at every step of the process. Which of the following does this process describe? 
 
A. Rights management B. Audit trail 
C. Chain of custody D. Data integrity 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 164 
A malicious file was executed automatically when a flash drive was plugged in. Which of the following features would prevent this type of incident? 
 
A. Disabling UAC 
B. Restricting local administrators C. Enabling UPnP 
D. Turning off AutoPlay 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 165 
Which of the following is used to identify potential issues with a proposed change prior to implementation? 
 
A. Request form B. Rollback plan 
C. End-user acceptance D. Sandbox testing 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 166 
A user needs assistance changing the desktop wallpaper on a Windows 10 computer. Which of the following methods will enable the user to change the wallpaper using a Windows 10 Settings tool? 
 
A. Open Settings, select Accounts, select Your info, click Browse, and then locate and open the image the user wants to use as the wallpaper. 
B. Open Settings, select Personalization, click Browse, and then locate and open the image the user wants to use as the wallpaper. 
C. Open Settings, select System, select Display, click Browse, and then locate and open the image the user wants to use as the wallpaper. 
D. Open Settings, select Apps, select Apps & features, click Browse, and then locate and open the image the user wants to use as the wallpaper. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	48 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 167 
A macOS user needs to create another virtual desktop space. Which of the following applications will allow the user to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Dock 
B. Spotlight 
C. Mission Control D. Launchpad 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 168 
A user lost a company tablet that was used for customer intake at a doctor's office. Which of the following actions would BEST protect against unauthorized access of the data? 
 
A. Changing the office's Wi-Fi SSID and password B. Performing a remote wipe on the device 
C. Changing the user's password D. Enabling remote drive encryption 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 169 
A desktop engineer is deploying a master image. Which of the following should the desktop engineer consider when building the master image? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Device drivers 
B. Keyboard backlight settings 
C. Installed application license keys D. Display orientation 
E. Target device power supply F. Disabling express charging 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 170 
A technician installed an application on a user's desktop and received an error message. Which of the following tools can the technician use to research the error? 
 
A. Resource Monitor > CPU > Services B. Task Manager > Processes > Apps 
C. Event Viewer > Windows Logs > Application D. Device Manager > Computer 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 171 
A technician is configuring a new Windows laptop. Corporate policy requires that mobile devices make use of full disk encryption at all times. Which of the following encryption solutions should the technician choose? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	49 
220-1102 


A. Encrypting File System B. File Vault 
C. BitLocker 
D. Encrypted LVM 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 172 
A small business owner wants to install newly purchased software on all networked PCs. The network is not configured as a domain, and the owner wants to use the easiest method possible. Which of the following is the MOST efficient way for the owner to install the application? 
 
A. Use a network share to share the installation files. B. Save software to an external hard drive to install. C. Create an imaging USB for each PC. 
D. Install the software from the vendor's website. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 173 
A user reports that text on the screen is too small. The user would like to make the text larger and easier to see. Which of the following is the BEST way for the user to increase the size of text, applications, and other items using the Windows 10 Settings tool? 
 
A. Open Settings, select Devices, select Display, and change the display resolution to a lower resolution option. 
B. Open Settings, select System, select Display, and change the display resolution to a lower resolution option. 
C. Open Settings, select System, select Display, and change the Scale and layout setting to a higher percentage. 
D. Open Settings, select Personalization, select Display, and change the Scale and layout setting to a higher percentage. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 174 
A user is being directed by the help desk to look up a Windows PC's network name so the help desk can use a remote administration tool to assist the user. Which of the following commands would allow the user to give the technician the correct information? (Choose two.) 
 
A. ipconfig /all B. hostname C. netstat /? 
D. nslookup localhost E. arp -a 
F. ping ::1 
 
Answer(s): A, B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	50 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 175 
Which of the following is a data security standard for protecting credit cards? 
 
A. PHI B. NIST C. PCI 
D. GDPR 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 176 
A technician has verified that a user's computer has a virus, and the antivirus software is out of date. Which of the following steps should the technician take NEXT? 
 
A. Quarantine the computer. 
B. Use a previous restore point. 
C. Educate the end user about viruses. D. Download the latest virus definitions. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 177 
A technician installs specialized software on a workstation. The technician then attempts to run the software. The workstation displays a message indicating the software is not authorized to run. Which of the following should the technician do to MOST likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Grant permissions to the installation directory. B. Attach the external hardware token. 
C. Install OS updates. 
D. Restart the workstation after installation 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 178 
A team of support agents will be using their workstations to store credit card data. Which of the following should the IT department enable on the workstations in order to remain compliant with common regulatory controls? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Encryption B. Antivirus C. AutoRun 
D. Guest accounts E. Default passwords F. Backups 
 
Answer(s): A, B 
 
QUESTION: 179 
Which of the following editions of Windows 10 requires reactivation every 180 days? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	51 
220-1102 


A. Enterprise 
B. Pro for Workstation C. Home 
D. Pro 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 180 
A technician has an external SSD. The technician needs to read and write to an external SSD on both Macs and Windows PCs. Which of the following filesystems is supported by both OS types? 
 
A. NTFS B. APFS C. ext4 D. exFAT 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 181 
A company is retiring old workstations and needs a certificate of destruction for all hard drives. Which of the following would be BEST to perform on the hard drives to ensure the data is unrecoverable? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Standard formatting B. Drilling 
C. Erasing D. Recycling 
E. Incinerating 
F. Low-level formatting 
 
Answer(s): B, E 
 
QUESTION: 182 
A technician is working to resolve a Wi-Fi network issue at a doctor's office that is located next to an apartment complex. The technician discovers that employees and patients are not the only people on the network. Which of the following should the technician do to BEST minimize this issue? 
 
A. Disable unused ports. 
B. Remove the guest network. 
C. Add a password to the guest network. D. Change the network channel 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 183 
A user's system is infected with malware. A technician updates the anti-malware software and runs a scan that removes the malware. After the user reboots the system, it once again becomes infected with malware. Which of the following will MOST likely help to permanently remove the malware? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	52 
220-1102 


 
A. Enabling System Restore B. Educating the user 
C. Booting into safe mode D. Scheduling a scan 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 184 
A technician is upgrading the backup system for documents at a high-volume law firm. The current backup system can retain no more than three versions of full backups before failing. The law firm is not concerned about restore times but asks the technician to retain more versions when possible. Which of the following backup methods should the technician MOST likely implement? 
 
A. Full B. Mirror 
C. Incremental D. Differential 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 185 
A user needs assistance installing software on a Windows PC but will not be in the office. Which of the following solutions would a technician MOST likely use to assist the user without having to install additional software? 
 
A. VPN B. MSRA C. SSH D. RDP 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 186 
A user receives a notification indicating the antivirus protection on a company laptop is out of date. A technician is able to ping the user's laptop. The technician checks the antivirus parent servers and sees the latest signatures have been installed. The technician then checks the user's laptop and finds the antivirus engine and definitions are current. Which of the following has MOST likely occurred? 
 
A. Ransomware 
B. Failed OS updates C. Adware 
D. Missing system files 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 187  SIMULATION 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	53 
220-1102 


Welcome to your first day as a Fictional Company, LLC helpdesk employee. Please work the tickets in your helpdesk ticket queue. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Click on individual tickets to see the ticket details. View attachments to determine the problem. 
 
Select the appropriate issue from the ‘Issue’ drop-down menu. Then, select the MOST efficient resolution from the ‘Resolution’ drop-down menu. Finally, select the proper command or verification to remediate or confirm your fix of the issue from the ‘Verify/Resolve’ drop-down menu. 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 






















 





















 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	54 
220-1102 
























 






















 














 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	55 
220-1102 
























 






















 














 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	56 
220-1102 
























 






















 














 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	57 
220-1102 
























 






















 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: Ticket 1 Corrupt OS 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	58 
220-1102 
























 
 
Select Repair Installation  






















 
 
Select bootrec 
 









 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	59 
220-1102 
























 
 
Ticket 2 
Select - User cannot access shared resource 






















 
 
Select - Remap network drive 









 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	60 
220-1102 
























 
 
Select - not use 
 






















 
 
QUESTION: 188  
HOTSPOT (Drag and Drop is not supported) 
An executive has contacted you through the help-desk chat support about an issue with a mobile device. 
 
Assist the executive to help resolve the issue. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	61 
220-1102 


INSTRUCTIONS 
Select the MOST appropriate statement for each response. 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 






















 
 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 
 
























 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	62 
220-1102 
























 
 
QUESTION: 189  
DRAG DROP (Drag and Drop is not supported) 
A customer recently experienced a power outage at a SOHO. The customer does not think the components are connected properly. A print job continued running for several minutes after the power failed, but the customer was not able to interact with the computer. 
 
Once the UPS stopped beeping, all functioning devices also turned off. 
 
In case of a future power failure, the customer wants to have the most time available to save cloud documents and shut down the computer without losing any data. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Based on the customer's requirements, connect the customer's devices to the proper outlets. Select the power source for the Surge Protector and UPS. This may require reselecting dropdowns or removing tokens. 
 
Each token may only be used once. 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	63 
220-1102 























 
 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 
 





















 
 
QUESTION: 190 
A user is unable to access files on a work PC after opening a text document. The text document was labeled “URGENT PLEASE READ.txt - In active folder, .txt file titled urgent please read”. Which of the following should a support technician do FIRST? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	64 
220-1102 


 
A. Quarantine the host in the antivirus system. B. Run antivirus scan for malicious software. 
C. Investigate how malicious software was installed. D. Reimage the computer. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 191 
A user has a computer with Windows 10 Home installed and purchased a Windows 10 Pro license. The user is not sure how to upgrade the OS. Which of the following should the technician do to apply this license? 
 
A. Copy the c:\Windows\windows.1ic file over to the machine and restart. B. Redeem the included activation key card for a product key. 
C. Insert a Windows USB hardware dongle and initiate activation. 
D. Activate with the digital license included with the device hardware. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 192 
Which of the following is a package management utility for PCs that are running the Linux operating system? 
 
A. chmod B. yum C. man D. grep 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 193 
A user is attempting to make a purchase at a store using a phone. The user places the phone on the payment pad, but the device does not recognize the phone. The user attempts to restart the phone but still has the same results. Which of the following should the user do to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Tum off airplane mode while at the register. B. Verify that NFC is enabled. 
C. Connect to the store's Wi-Fi network. D. Enable Bluetooth on the phone. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 194 
A technician is investigating unauthorized Wi-Fi access on a customer's home network. Individuals are able to access the customer's Wi-Fi network without a password. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason this situation is occurring? 
 
A. Channel utilization is oversubscribed. B. WPA2 exploits are being leveraged. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	65 
220-1102 


C. The Wi-Fi password is posted on the router. D. The customer has a guest network enabled. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 195 
A technician is troubleshooting an issue that requires a user profile to be rebuilt. The technician is unable to locate Local Users and Groups in the MMC console. Which of the following is the NEXT step the technician should take to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Run the antivirus scan. B. Add the required snap-in. 
C. Restore the system backup. D. Use the administrator console. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 196 
A technician needs to provide recommendations about how to upgrade backup solutions for a site in an area that has frequent hurricanes and an unstable power grid. Which of the following should the technician recommend implementing? 
 
A. High availability 
B. Regionally diverse backups C. On-site backups 
D. Incremental backups 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 197 
A user updates a mobile device's OS. A frequently used application becomes consistently unresponsive immediately after the device is launched. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should the user perform FIRST? 
 
A. Delete the application's cache. B. Check for application updates. C. Roll back the OS update. 
D. Uninstall and reinstall the application. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 198 
Which of the following physical security controls can prevent laptops from being stolen? 
 
A. Encryption B. LoJack 
C. Multifactor authentication D. Equipment lock 
E. Bollards 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	66 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 199 
Which of the following should be done NEXT? 































 
 
A. Educate the user on the solution that was performed. B. Tell the user to take time to fix it themselves next time. C. Close the ticket out. 
D. Send an email to Telecom to inform them of the issue and prevent reoccurrence. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 200 
An application user received an email indicating the version of the application currently in use will no longer be sold. Users with this version of the application will no longer receive patches or updates either. Which of the following indicates a vendor no longer supports a product? 
 
A. AUP B. EULA C. EOL D. UAC 
 
Answer(s): C 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	67 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 201 
A user reports a workstation has been performing strangely after a suspicious email was opened on it earlier in the week. Which of the following should the technician perform FIRST? 
 
A. Escalate the ticket to Tier 2. B. Run a virus scan. 
C. Utilize a Windows restore point. D. Reimage the computer. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 202 
Which of the following wireless security features can be enabled to allow a user to use login credentials to attach to available corporate SSIDs? 
 
A. TACACS+ B. Kerberos 
C. Preshared key D. WPA2/AES 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 203 
Which of the following would MOST likely be used to change the security settings on a user's device in a domain environment? 
 
A. Security groups B. Access control list C. Group Policy 
D. Login script 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 204 
Which of the following often uses an SMS or third-party application as a secondary method to access a system? 
 
A. MFA B. WPA2 C. AES 
D. RADIUS 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 205 
A technician needs to ensure that USB devices are not suspended by the operating system. Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the technician use to configure the setting? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	68 
220-1102 


A. System 
B. Power Options 
C. Devices and Printers D. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 206 
A technician needs to manually set an IP address on a computer that is running macOS. Which of the following commands should the technician use? 
 
A. ipconfig B. ifconfig C. arpa 
D. ping 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 207 
A user receives a call from someone who claims to be from the user's bank and requests information to ensure the user's account is safe. Which of the following social-engineering attacks is the user experiencing? 
 
A. Phishing B. Smishing C. Whaling D. Vishing 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 208 
A user called the help desk to report an issue with the internet connection speed on a laptop. The technician thinks that background services may be using extra bandwidth. Which of the following tools should the technician use to investigate connections on the laptop? 
 
A. nslookup B. net use C. netstat D. net user 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 209 
Which of the following operating systems is considered closed source? 
 
A. Ubuntu B. Android C. CentOS D. OSX 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	69 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 210 
An internet café has several computers available for public use. Recently, users have reported the computers are much slower than they were the previous week. A technician finds the CPU is at 100% utilization, and antivirus scans report no current infection. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the issue? 
 
A. Spyware is redirecting browser searches. B. A cryptominer is verifying transactions. 
C. Files were damaged from a cleaned virus infection. D. A keylogger is capturing user passwords. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 211 
Which of the following should be used to secure a device from known exploits? 
 
A. Encryption B. Remote wipe 
C. Operating system updates D. Cross-site scripting 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 212 
A technician is securing a new Windows 10 workstation and wants to enable a screensaver lock. Which of the following options in the Windows settings should the technician use? 
 
A. Ease of Access B. Privacy 
C. Personalization 
D. Update and Security 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 213 
Sensitive data was leaked from a user's smartphone. A technician discovered an unapproved application was installed, and the user has full access to the device's command shell. Which of the following is the NEXT step the technician should take to find the cause of the leaked data? 
 
A. Restore the device to factory settings. B. Uninstall the unapproved application. 
C. Disable the ability to install applications from unknown sources. D. Ensure the device is connected to the corporate WiFi network. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 214 
A technician is creating a full inventory of the company’s IT hardware. Which of the following should the technician use for documentation management? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	70 
220-1102 


 
A. Checklist for new user setup B. User information 
C. Asset tags and IDs 
D. Procurement life cycle 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 215 
A systems administrator is creating periodic backups of a folder on a Microsoft Windows machine. The source data is very dynamic, and files are either added or deleted regularly. Which of the following utilities can be used to mirror the source data for the backup? 
 
A. copy B. xcopy 
C. robocopy D. Copy-Item 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 216 
Each time a user tries to go to the selected web search provider, a different website opens. Which of the following should the technician check FIRST? 
 
A. System time B. IP address C. DNS servers 
D. Windows updates 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 217 
A technician is troubleshooting a mobile device that was dropped. The technician finds that the screen fails to rotate, even though the settings are correctly applied. Which of the following pieces of hardware should the technician replace to resolve the issue? 
 
A. LCD B. Battery 
C. Accelerometer D. Digitizer 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 218 
A technician is troubleshooting an issue with a computer that contains sensitive information. The technician determines the computer needs to be taken off site for repair. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT? 
 
A. Remove the HDD and then send the computer for repair. B. Check corporate polices for guidance. 
C. Delete the sensitive information before the computer leaves the building. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	71 
220-1102 


D. Get authorization from the manager. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 219 
Which of the following macOS features provides the user with a high-level view of all open windows? 
 
A. Mission Control B. Finder 
C. Multiple Desktops D. Spotlight 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 220 
A technician is creating a tunnel that hides IP addresses and secures all network traffic. Which of the following protocols is capable of enduring enhanced security? 
 
A. DNS B. IPS C. VPN D. SSH 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 221 
A technician receives a call from a user who is having issues with an application. To best understand the issue, the technician simultaneously views the user's screen with the user. Which of the following would BEST accomplish this task? 
 
A. SSH B. VPN C. VNC D. RDP 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 222 
After a failed update, an application no longer launches and generates the following error message: Application needs to be repaired. Which of the following Windows 10 utilities should a technician use to address this concern? 
 
A. Device Manager 
B. Administrator Tools 
C. Programs and Features D. Recovery 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 223 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	72 
220-1102 


A technician needs to access a Windows 10 desktop on the network in a SOHO using RDP. Although the connection is unsuccessful, the technician is able to ping the computer successfully. Which of the following is MOST likely preventing the connection? 
 
A. The Windows 10 desktop has Windows 10 Home installed. B. The Windows 10 desktop does not have DHCP configured. C. The Windows 10 desktop is connected via Wi-Fi. 
D. The Windows 10 desktop is hibernating. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 224 
A new employee was hired recently. Which of the following documents will the new employee need to sign before being granted login access to the network? 
 
A. MSDS B. EULA C. UAC D. AUP 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 225 
An organization implemented a method of wireless security that requires both a user and the user's computer to be in specific managed groups on the server in order to connect to Wi-Fi. Which of the following wireless security methods BEST describes what this organization implemented? 
 
A. TKIP 
B. RADIUS C. WPA2 D. AES 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 226 
Which of the following is used to integrate Linux servers and desktops into Windows Active Directory environments? 
 
A. apt-get B. CIFS C. Samba D. grep 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 227 
A technician is setting up a newly built computer. Which of the following is the FASTEST way for the technician to install Windows 10? 
 
A. Factory reset 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	73 
220-1102 


B. System Restore C. In-place upgrade 
D. Unattended installation 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 228 
A network technician installed a SOHO router for a home office user. The user has read reports about home routers being targeted by malicious actors and then used in DDoS attacks. Which of the following can the technician MOST likely do to defend against this threat? 
 
A. Add network content filtering. B. Disable the SSID broadcast. C. Configure port forwarding. 
D. Change the default credentials. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 229 
A kiosk, which is running Microsoft Windows 10, relies exclusively on a numeric keypad to allow customers to enter their ticket numbers but no other information. If the kiosk is idle for four hours, the login screen locks. Which of the following sign-on options would allow any employee the ability to unlock the kiosk? 
 
A. Requiring employees to enter their usernames and passwords B. Setting up facial recognition for each employee 
C. Using a PIN and providing it to employees D. Requiring employees to use their fingerprints 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 230 
A data center is required to destroy SSDs that contain sensitive information. Which of the following is the BEST method to use for the physical destruction of SSDs? 
 
A. Wiping 
B. Low-level formatting C. Shredding 
D. Erasing 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 231 
A user reports that the pages flash on the screen two or three times before finally staying open when attempting to access banking web pages. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should the technician perform NEXT to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Examine the antivirus logs. B. Verify the address bar URL. 
C. Test the internet connection speed. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	74 
220-1102 


D. Check the web service status. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 232 
Which of the following script types is used with the Python language by default? 
 
A. .ps1 B. .vbs C. .bat D. .py 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 233 
Which of the following only has a web browser interface? 
 
A. Linux 
B. Microsoft Windows C. iOS 
D. Chromium 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 234 
A user has been unable to receive emails or browse the internet from a smartphone while traveling. However, text messages and phone calls are working without issue. Which of the following should a support technician check FIRST? 
 
A. User account status B. Mobile OS version C. Data plan coverage 
D. Network traffic outages 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 235 
The web browsing speed on a customer's mobile phone slows down every few weeks and then returns to normal after three or four days. Restarting the device does not usually restore performance. Which of the following should a technician check FIRST to troubleshoot this issue? 
 
A. Data usage limits 
B. Wi-Fi connection speed C. Status of airplane mode D. System uptime 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 236 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	75 
220-1102 


A user calls the help desk to report that mapped drives are no longer accessible. The technician verifies that clicking on any of the drives on the user's machine results in an error message. Other users in the office are not having any issues. As a first step, the technician would like to remove and attempt to reconnect the drives. Which of the following command-line tools should the technician use? 
 
A. net use B. set 
C. mkdir D. rename 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 237 
A technician is editing the hosts file on a few PCs in order to block certain domains. Which of the following would the technician need to execute after editing the hosts file? 
 
A. Enable promiscuous mode. B. Clear the browser cache. 
C. Add a new network adapter. D. Reset the network adapter. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 238 
A technician is finalizing a new workstation for a user. The user's PC will be connected to the internet but will not require the same private address each time. Which of the following protocols will the technician MOST likely utilize? 
 
A. DHCP B. SMTP C. DNS D. RDP 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 239 
A company acquired a local office, and a technician is attempting to join the machines at the office to the local domain. The technician notes that the domain join option appears to be missing. Which of the following editions of Windows is MOST likely installed on the machines? 
 
A. Windows Professional B. Windows Education C. Windows Enterprise D. Windows Home 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 240 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	76 
220-1102 


A technician discovers user input has been captured by a malicious actor. Which of the following malware types is MOST likely being used? 
 
A. Cryptominers B. Rootkit 
C. Spear phishing D. Keylogger 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 241 
A user is trying to use a third-party USB adapter but is experiencing connection issues. Which of the following tools should the technician use to resolve this issue? 
 
A. taskschd.msc B. eventvwr.msc C. devmgmt.msc D. diskmgmt.msc 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 242 
Which of the following defines the extent of a change? 
 
A. Scope B. Purpose C. Analysis D. Impact 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 243 
All the desktop icons on a user's newly issued PC are very large. The user reports that the PC was working fine until a recent software patch was deployed. Which of the following would BEST resolve the issue? 
 
A. Rolling back video card drivers 
B. Restoring the PC to factory settings C. Repairing the Windows profile 
D. Reinstalling the Windows OS 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 244 
A computer on a corporate network has a malware infection. Which of the following would be the BEST method for returning the computer to service? 
 
A. Scanning the system with a Linux live disc, flashing the BIOS, and then returning the computer to service 
B. Flashing the BIOS, reformatting the drive, and then reinstalling the OS 
C. Degaussing the hard drive, flashing the BIOS, and then reinstalling the OS 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	77 
220-1102 


D. Reinstalling the OS, flashing the BIOS, and then scanning with on-premises antivirus 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 245 
A technician is installing a program from an ISO file. Which of the following steps should the technician take? 
 
A. Mount the ISO and run the installation file. B. Copy the ISO and execute on the server. 
C. Copy the ISO file to a backup location and run the ISO file. D. Unzip the ISO and execute the setup.exe file. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 246 
A technician installed Windows 10 on a workstation. The workstation only has 3.5GB of usable RAM, even though the technician installed 8GB. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason this system is not utilizing all the available RAM? 
 
A. The system is missing updates. 
B. The system is utilizing a 32-bit OS. C. The system's memory is failing. 
D. The system requires BIOS updates. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 247 
While staying at a hotel, a user attempts to connect to the hotel Wi-Fi but notices that multiple SSIDs have very similar names. Which of the following social-engineering attacks is being attempted? 
 
A. Evil twin 
B. Impersonation C. Insider threat D. Whaling 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 248 
A user is no longer able to start the OS on a computer and receives an error message indicating there is no OS found. A technician reviews the audit logs and notes that the user's system posted a S.M.A.R.T. error just days before this issue. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue? 
 
A. Boot order B. Malware 
C. Drive failure 
D. Windows updates 
 
Answer(s): C 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	78 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 249 
The battery life on an employee's new phone seems to be drastically less than expected, and the screen stays on for a very long time after the employee sets the phone down. Which of the following should the technician check FIRST to troubleshoot this issue? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Screen resolution B. Screen zoom 
C. Screen timeout 
D. Screen brightness E. Screen damage 
F. Screen motion smoothness 
 
Answer(s): C, D 
 
QUESTION: 250 
Which of the following is used to explain issues that may occur during a change implementation? 
 
A. Scope change 
B. End-user acceptance C. Risk analysis 
D. Rollback plan 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 251 
Which of the following is an advantage of using WPA2 instead of WPA3? 
 
A. Connection security B. Encryption key length C. Device compatibility 
D. Offline decryption resistance 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 252 
A technician needs to remotely connect to a Linux desktop to assist a user with troubleshooting. The technician needs to make use of a tool natively designed for Linux. Which of the following tools will the technician MOST likely use? 
 
A. VNC B. MFA C. MSRA D. RDP 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 253 
A technician is preparing to remediate a Trojan virus that was found on a workstation. Which of the following steps should the technician complete BEFORE removing the virus? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	79 
220-1102 


 
A. Disable System Restore. B. Schedule a malware scan. C. Educate the end user. 
D. Run Windows Update. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 254 
Which of the following options should MOST likely be considered when preserving data from a hard drive for forensic analysis? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Licensing agreements B. Chain of custody 
C. Incident management documentation D. Data integrity 
E. Material safety data sheet F. Retention requirements 
 
Answer(s): B, D 
 
QUESTION: 255 
Which of the following would MOST likely be deployed to enhance physical security for a building? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Multifactor authentication B. Badge reader 
C. Personal identification number D. Firewall 
E. Motion sensor F. Soft token 
 
Answer(s): B, E 
 
QUESTION: 256 
A technician, who is working at a local office, has found multiple copies of home edition software installed on computers. Which of the following does this MOST likely violate? 
 
A. EULA B. PII 
C. DRM 
D. Open-source agreement 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 257 
A user tries to access commonly used web pages but is redirected to unexpected websites. Clearing the web browser cache does not resolve the issue. Which of the following should a technician investigate NEXT to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Enable firewall ACLs. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	80 
220-1102 


B. Examine the localhost file entries. C. Verify the routing tables. 
D. Update the antivirus definitions. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 258 
Which of the following features must be configured on a Windows OS desktop in order to encrypt files in a laptop? 
 
A. HDD drivers B. BitLocker 
C. Boot settings D. RAID 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 259 
A manager called the help desk to ask for assistance with creating a more secure environment for the finance department, which resides in a non-domain environment. Which of the following would be the BEST method to protect against unauthorized use? 
 
A. Implementing password expiration B. Restricting user permissions 
C. Using screen locks 
D. Disabling unnecessary services 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 260 
A Windows workstation that was recently updated with approved system patches shut down instead of restarting. Upon reboot, the technician notices an alert stating the workstation has malware in the root OS folder. The technician promptly performs a System Restore and reboots the workstation, but the malware is still detected. Which of the following BEST describes why the system still has malware? 
 
A. A system patch disabled the antivirus protection and host firewall. 
B. The system updates did not include the latest anti-malware definitions. C. The system restore process was compromised by the malware. 
D. The malware was installed before the system restore point was created. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 261 
Which of the following filesystem formats would be the BEST choice to ensure read and write compatibility of USB flash drives across several generations of Microsoft operating systems? 
 
A. APFS B. ext4 C. CDFS 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	81 
220-1102 


D. FAT32 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 262 
Which of the following would cause a corporate-owned iOS device to have an Activation Lock issue? 
 
A. A forgotten keychain password 
B. An employee's Apple ID used on the device C. An operating system that has been jailbroken D. An expired screen unlock code 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 263 
Which of the following is the default GUI and file manager in macOS? 
 
A. Disk Utility B. Finder 
C. Dock 
D. FileVault 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 264 
A technician is attempting to mitigate micro power outages, which occur frequently within the area of operation. The outages are usually short, with the longest occurrence lasting five minutes. Which of the following should the technician use to mitigate this issue? 
 
A. Surge suppressor B. Battery backup C. CMOS battery 
D. Generator backup 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 265 
A user contacts a technician about an issue with a laptop. The user states applications open without being launched and the browser redirects when trying to go to certain websites. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the user's issue? 
 
A. Keylogger 
B. Cryptominers C. Virus 
D. Malware 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 266 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	82 
220-1102 


Which of the following security methods supports the majority of current Wi-Fi-capable devices without sacrificing security? 
 
A. WPA3 
B. MAC filtering C. RADIUS 
D. TACACS+ 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 267 
Which of the following threats will the use of a privacy screen on a computer help prevent? 
 
A. Impersonation B. Shoulder surfing C. Whaling 
D. Tailgating 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 268 
A technician needs to override DNS and redirect IP addresses and URLs to different locations. Which of the following should the technician do? 
 
A. Install signal repeaters. B. Edit the hosts file. 
C. Configure the firewall. D. Enable port forwarding. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 269 
A company needs employees who work remotely to have secure access to the corporate intranet. Which of the following should the company implement? 
 
A. Password-protected Wi-Fi B. Port forwarding 
C. Virtual private network D. Perimeter network 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 270 
Which of the following operating systems can allow users to have access to the source code, can host various server applications, and can be command line only? 
 
A. Windows B. macOS C. Linux 
D. Chrome OS 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	83 
220-1102 


Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 271 
A technician is investigating options to secure a small office wireless network. One requirement is to allow automatic logins to the network using certificates instead of passwords. Which of the following should the wireless solution have in order to support this feature? 
 
A. RADIUS B. AES 
C. EAP-EKE D. MFA 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 272 
A SOHO client is having trouble navigating to a corporate website. Which of the following should a technician do to allow access? 
 
A. Adjust the content filtering. B. Unmap port forwarding. 
C. Disable unused ports. 
D. Reduce the encryption strength. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 273 
A technician needs a way to test software without placing company systems at risk. Which of the following features should the technician use to completely achieve this objective? 
 
A. Cryptography B. Sandbox 
C. Perimeter network D. Firewall 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 274 
A systems administrator notices that a server on the company network has extremely high CPU utilization. Upon further inspection, the administrator sees that the server is consistently communicating with an IP address that is traced back to a company that awards digital currency for salving hash algorithms. Which of the following was MOST likely used to compromise the server? 
 
A. Keylogger 
B. Ransomware 
C. Boot sector virus 
D. Cryptomining malware 
 
Answer(s): D 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	84 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 275 
A system dives nearly full, and a technician needs to free up some space. Which of the following tools should the technician use? 
 
A. Disk Cleanup 
B. Resource Monitor C. Disk Defragment D. Disk Management 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 276 
A technician is partitioning a hard disk. The five primary partitions should contain 4TB of free space. Which of the following partition styles should the technician use to partition the device? 
 
A. EFS B. GPT C. MBR D. FAT32 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 277 
A developer receives the following error while trying to install virtualization software on a workstation: 
 
VTx not supported by system 
 
Which of the following upgrades will MOST likely fix the issue? 
 
A. Processor B. Hard drive C. Memory D. Video card 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 278 
The screen on a user's mobile device is not autorotating even after the feature has been enabled and the device has been restarted. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT to troubleshoot the issue? 
 
A. Calibrate the phone sensors. B. Enable the touchscreen. 
C. Reinstall the operating system. D. Replace the screen. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 279 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	85 
220-1102 


A technician received a call from a user who clicked on a web advertisement. Now, every time the user moves the mouse, a pop-up displays across the monitor. Which of the following procedures should the technician perform? 
 
A. Boot into safe mode. 
B. Perform a malware scan. C. Restart the machine. 
D. Reinstall the browser. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 280 
A user’s permissions are limited to read on a shared network folder using NTFS security settings. Which of the following describes this type of security control? 
 
A. SMS B. MFA C. ACL D. MDM 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 281 
A user attempts to install additional software and receives a UAC prompt. Which of the following is the BEST way to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Add a user account to the local administrator's group. 
B. Configure Windows Defender Firewall to allow access to all networks. C. Create a Microsoft account. 
D. Disable the guest account. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 282 
A user is unable to access a web-based application. A technician verifies the computer cannot access any web pages at all. The computer obtains an IP address from the DHCP server. Then, the technician verifies the user can ping localhost, the gateway, and known IP addresses on the internet and receive a response. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for the issue? 
 
A. A firewall is blocking the application. B. The wrong VLAN was assigned. 
C. The incorrect DNS address was assigned. D. The browser cache needs to be cleared. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 283 
A user is unable to access a website, which is widely used across the organization, and receives the following error message: 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	86 
220-1102 


The security certificate presented by this website has expired or is not yet valid. 
 
The technician confirms the website works when accessing it from another computer but not from the user's computer. Which of the following should the technician perform NEXT to troubleshoot the issue? 
 
A. Reboot the computer. B. Reinstall the OS. 
C. Configure a static IP. 
D. Check the computer's date and time. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 284 
Every time a user tries to open the organization's proprietary application on an Android tablet, the application immediately closes. Other applications are operating normally. Which of the following troubleshooting actions would MOST likely resolve the issue? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Uninstalling the application 
B. Gaining root access to the tablet C. Resetting he web browser cache D. Deleting the application cache E. Clearing the application storage 
F. Disabling mobile device management 
 
Answer(s): D, E 
 
QUESTION: 285 
A technician needs to add an individual as a local administrator on a Windows home PC. Which of the following utilities would the technician MOST likely use? 
 
A. Settings > Personalization 
B. Control Panel > Credential Manager 
C. Settings > Accounts > Family and Other Users D. Control Panel > Network and Sharing Center 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 286 
A Windows administrator is creating user profiles that will include home directories and network printers for several new users. Which of the following is the MOST efficient way for the technician to complete this task? 
 
A. Access control 
B. Authentication application C. Group Policy 
D. Folder redirection 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 287 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	87 
220-1102 


A user's corporate laptop with proprietary work information was stolen from a coffee shop. The user logged in to the laptop with a simple password, and no other security mechanisms were in place. Which of the following would MOST likely prevent the stored data from being recovered? 
 
A. Biometrics 
B. Full disk encryption 
C. Enforced strong system password D. Two-factor authentication 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 288 
A technician is troubleshooting boot times for a user. The technician attempts to use MSConfig to see which programs are starting with the OS but receives a message that it can no longer be used to view startup items. Which of the following programs can the technician use to view startup items? 
 
A. msinfo32 B. perfmon C. regedit D. taskmgr 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 289 
A systems administrator is experiencing issues connecting from a laptop to the corporate network using PKI. Which of the following tools can the systems administrator use to help remediate the issue? 
 
A. certmgr.msc B. mscontig.exe C. lusrmgr.msc D. perfmon.msc 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 290 
A large company is selecting a new Windows operating system and needs to ensure it has built-in encryption and endpoint protection. Which of the following Windows versions will MOST likely be selected? 
 
A. Home B. Pro 
C. Pro for Workstations D. Enterprise 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 291 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	88 
220-1102 


A technician is reimaging a desktop PC. The technician connects the PC to the network and powers it on. The technician attempts to boot the computer via the NIC to image the computer, but this method does not work. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the computer is unable to boot into the imaging system via the network? 
 
A. The computer's CMOS battery failed. B. The computer's NIC is faulty. 
C. The PXE boot option has not been enabled. 
D. The Ethernet cable the technician is using to connect the desktop to the network is faulty. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 292 
Which of the following features allows a technician to configure policies in a Windows 10 Professional desktop? 
 
A. gpedit B. gpmc C. gpresult 
D. gpupdate 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 293 
A technician is trying to encrypt a single folder on a PC. Which of the following should the technician use to accomplish this task? 
 
A. FAT32 B. exFAT 
C. BitLocker D. EFS 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 294 
A small-office customer needs three PCs to be configured in a network with no server. Which of the following network types is the customer's BEST choice for this environment? 
 
A. Workgroup network B. Public network 
C. Wide area network D. Domain network 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 295 
Which of the following common security vulnerabilities can be mitigated by using put validation? 
 
A. Brute-force attack B. Cross-site scripting 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	89 
220-1102 


C. SQL injection 
D. Cross-site request forgery 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 296 
A company is looking for a solution that provides a backup for all data on the system while providing the lowest impact to the network. Which of the following backup types will the company MOST likely select? 
 
A. Off-site B. Synthetic C. Full 
D. Differential 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 297 
A technician needs to establish a remote access session with a user who has a Windows workstation. The session must allow for simultaneous viewing of the workstation by both the user and technician. Which of the following remote access technologies should be used? 
 
A. RDP B. VPN C. SSH D. MSRA 
 
Answer(s): D Explanation:  
MSRA is a feature of Windows that allows a user to invite someone to connect to their computer and help them with a problem. The session allows for simultaneous viewing of the workstation by both the user and technician. 
 
QUESTION: 298 
A user's iPhone was permanently locked alter several failed login attempts. Which of the following will restore access to the device? 
 
A. Fingerprint and pattern 
B. Facial recognition and PIN code C. Primary account and password 
D. Secondary account and recovery code 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 299 
Which of the following macOS utilities uses AES-128 to encrypt the startup disk? 
 
A. fdisk 
B. Diskpart C. Disk Utility D. FileVault 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	90 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 300 
A remote user is having issues accessing an online share. Which of the following tools would MOST likely be used to troubleshoot the issue? 
 
A. Screen-sharing software B. Secure shell 
C. Virtual private network D. File transfer software 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 301 
A customer calls a service support center and begins yelling at a technician about a feature for a product that is not working to the customer's satisfaction. This feature is not supported by the service support center and requires a field technician to troubleshoot. The customer continues to demand service. Which of the following is the BEST course of action for the support center representative to take? 
 
A. Inform the customer that the issue is not within the scope of this department. B. Apologize to the customer and escalate the issue to a manager. 
C. Ask the customer to explain the issue and then try to fix it independently. D. Respond that the issue is something the customer should be able to fix. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 302 
A user reported that a laptop's screen turns off very quickly after sitting for a few moments and is also very dim when not plugged in to an outlet. Everything else seems to be functioning normally. Which of the following Windows settings should be configured? 
 
A. Power Plans B. Hibernate 
C. Sleep/Suspend D. Screensaver 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 303 
A user is receiving repeated pop-up advertising messages while browsing the internet. A malware scan is unable to locate the source of an infection. Which of the following should the technician check NEXT? 
 
A. Windows updates B. DNS settings 
C. Certificate store D. Browser plug-ins 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	91 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 304 
The courts determined that a cybercrimes case could no longer be prosecuted due to the agency’s handling of evidence. Which of the following was MOST likely violated during the investigation? 
 
A. Open-source software B. EULA 
C. Chain of custody D. AUP 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 305 
A user reports a virus is on a PC. The user installs additional real-time protection antivirus software, and the PC begins performing extremely slow. Which of the following steps should the technician take to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Uninstall one antivirus software program and install a different one. B. Launch Windows Update, and then download and install OS updates. C. Activate real-time protection on both antivirus software programs. 
D. Enable the quarantine feature on both antivirus software programs. E. Remove the user-installed antivirus software program. 
 
Answer(s): E 
 
QUESTION: 306 
A technician removed a virus from a user's device. The user returned the device a week later with the same virus on it. Which of the following should the technician do to prevent future infections? 
 
A. Disable System Restore. B. Educate the end user. 
C. Install the latest OS patches. 
D. Clean the environment preinstallation. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 307 
A technician is concerned about a large increase in the number of whaling attacks happening in the industry. The technician wants to limit the company’s risk to avoid any issues. Which of the following items should the technician implement? 
 
A. Screened subnet B. Firewall 
C. Anti-phishing training D. Antivirus 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 308 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	92 
220-1102 


A customer calls the help desk asking for instructions on how to modify desktop wallpaper. Which of the following Windows 10 settings should the technician recommend? 
 
A. Personalization B. Apps 
C. Updates D. Display 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 309 
A user calls the help desk and reports a workstation is infected with malicious software. Which of the following tools should the help desk technician use to remove the malicious software? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Local Network Connection B. User Account Control 
C. Windows Backup and Restore D. Windows Firewall 
E. Windows Defender 
F. Network Packet Analyzer 
 
Answer(s): E, F 
 
QUESTION: 310 
A systems administrator is monitoring an unusual amount of network traffic from a kiosk machine and needs to investigate to determine the source of the traffic. Which of the following tools can the administrator use to view which processes on the kiosk machine are connecting to the internet? 
 
A. Resource Monitor 
B. Performance Monitor C. Command Prompt D. System Information 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 311 
Which of the following protects a mobile device against unwanted access when it is left unattended? 
 
A. PIN code B. OS updates 
C. Antivirus software D. BYOD policy 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 312 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	93 
220-1102 


A systems administrator installed the latest Windows security patch and received numerous tickets reporting slow performance the next day. Which of the following should the administrator do to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Rebuild user profiles. B. Roll back the updates. C. Restart the services. 
D. Perform a system file check. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 313 
A corporation purchased new computers for a school. The computers are the same make and model and need to have the standard image loaded. Which of the following orchestration tools should a desktop administrator use for wide-scale deployment? 
 
A. USB drive 
B. DVD installation media C. PXE boot 
D. Recovery partition 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 314 
A Windows user recently replaced a computer. The user can access the public internet on the computer; however, an internal site at https://companyintranet.com:8888 is no longer loading. Which of the following should a technician adjust to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Default gateway settings B. DHCP settings 
C. IP address settings D. Firewall settings 
E. Antivirus settings 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 315 
Which of the following refers to the steps to be taken if an issue occurs during a change implementation? 
 
A. Testing B. Rollback C. Risk 
D. Acceptance 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 316 
A company would like to implement multifactor authentication for all employees at a minimal cost. Which of the following best meets the company's requirements? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	94 
220-1102 


A. Biometrics B. Soft token 
C. Access control lists D. Smart card 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 317 
A help desk technician determines a motherboard has failed. Which of the following is the most logical next step in the remediation process? 
 
A. Escalating the issue to Tier 2 
B. Verifying warranty status with the vendor C. Replacing the motherboard 
D. Purchasing another PC 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 318 
A user added a second monitor and wants to extend the display to it. In which of the following Windows settings will the user most likely be able to make this change? 
 
A. System B. Devices 
C. Personalization D. Accessibility 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 319 
A systems administrator is configuring centralized desktop management for computers on a domain. The management team has decided that all users' workstations should have the same network drives, printers, and configurations. Which of the following should the administrator use to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Network and Sharing Center B. net use 
C. User Accounts D. regedit 
E. Group Policy 
 
Answer(s): E 
 
QUESTION: 320 
A user connected an external hard drive but is unable to see it as a destination to save files. Which of the following tools will allow the drive to be formatted? 
 
A. Disk Management B. Device Manager C. Disk Cleanup 
D. Disk Defragmenter 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	95 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 321 
Which of the following best describes when to use the YUM command in Linux? 
 
A. To add functionality 
B. To change folder permissions C. To show documentation 
D. To list file contents 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 322 
Which of the following would MOST likely be used to extend the life of a device? 
 
A. Battery backup 
B. Electrostatic discharge mat C. Proper ventilation 
D. Green disposal 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 323 
While trying to repair a Windows 10 OS, a technician receives a prompt asking for a key. The technician tries the administrator password, but it is rejected. Which of the following does the technician need in order to continue the OS repair? 
 
A. SSL key 
B. Preshared key C. WPA2 key 
D. Recovery key 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 324 
Which of the following allows access to the command line in macOS? 
 
A. PsExec 
B. command.com C. Terminal 
D. CMD 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 325 
A technician sees a file that is requesting payment to a cryptocurrency address. Which of the following should the technician do first? 
 
A. Quarantine the computer. B. Disable System Restore. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	96 
220-1102 


C. Update the antivirus software definitions. D. Boot to safe mode. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 326 
A user contacts the help desk to request assistance with a program feature. The user is in a different building but on the same network as the help desk technician. Which of the following should the technician use to assist the user? 
 
A. AAA B. SSH C. RDP D. VPN 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 327 
An engineer is configuring a new server that requires a bare-metal installation. Which of the following installation methods should the engineer use if installation media is not available on site? 
 
A. Image deployment 
B. Recovery partition Installation C. Remote network installation D. Repair installation 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 328 
A company is experiencing a DDoS attack. Several internal workstations are the source of the traffic. Which of the following types of infections are the workstations most likely experiencing? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Zombies B. Keylogger C. Adware D. Botnet 
E. Ransomware F. Spyware 
 
Answer(s): A, D 
 
QUESTION: 329 
A desktop technician has received reports that a user's PC is slow to load programs and saved files. The technician investigates and discovers an older HDD with adequate free space. Which of the following should the technician use to alleviate the issue first? 
 
A. Disk Management B. Disk Defragment C. Disk Cleanup 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	97 
220-1102 


D. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 330 
An employee calls the help desk regarding an issue with a laptop PC. After a Windows update, the user can no longer use certain locally attached devices, and a reboot has not fixed the issue. Which of the following should the technician perform to fix the issue? 
 
A. Disable the Windows Update service. B. Check for updates. 
C. Restore hidden updates. D. Roll back updates. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 331 
A technician needs to transfer a file to a user's workstation. Which of the following would best accomplish this task utilizing the workstation's built-in protocols? 
 
A. VPN B. SMB C. RMM D. MSRA 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 332 
Which of the following is most likely used to run .vbs files on Windows devices? 
 
A. winmgmt.exe B. powershell.exe C. cscript.exe 
D. explorer.exe 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 333 
A technician wants to install Developer Mode on a Windows laptop but is receiving a “failed to install package” message. Which of the following should the technician do first? 
 
A. Ensure internet connectivity. B. Check for Windows updates. C. Enable SSH. 
D. Reboot computer. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 334 
A PC is taking a long time to boot. Which of the following operations would be best to do to resolve the issue at a minimal expense? (Choose two.) 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	98 
220-1102 


 
A. Installing additional RAM 
B. Removing the applications from startup C. Installing a faster SSD 
D. Running the Disk Cleanup utility E. Defragmenting the hard drive 
F. Ending the processes in the Task Manager 
 
Answer(s): B, E 
 
QUESTION: 335 
A technician installs specialized software on a workstation. The technician then attempts to run the software. The workstation displays a message indicating the software is not authorized to run. Which of the following should the technician do to most likely resolve the issue? 
 
A. Install the software in safe mode. B. Attach the external hardware token. C. Install OS updates. 
D. Restart the workstation after installation 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 336 
Which of the following would most likely be used in a small office environment? 
 
A. Print server B. Virtualization 
C. Domain access D. Workgroup 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 337 
When trying to access a secure internal network, the user receives an error messaging stating, "There is a problem with this website's security certificate." The user reboots the desktop and tries to access the website again, but the issue persists. Which of the following should the user do to prevent this error from reoccurring? 
 
A. Reimage the system and install SSL. B. Install Trusted Root Certificate 
C. Select View Certificates and then Install Certificate. D. Continue to access the website. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 338 
A department manager submits a help desk ticket to request the migration of a printer's port utilization from USB to Ethernet so multiple users can access the printer. This will be a new network printer, thus a new IP address allocation is required. Which of the following should happen immediately before network use is authorized? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	99 
220-1102 


 
A. Document the date and time of the change. B. Submit a change request form. 
C. Determine the risk level of this change. D. Request an unused IP address. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 339 
An IT security team is implementing a new Group Policy that will return a computer to the log-in after three minutes. Which of the following best describes the change in policy? 
 
A. Log-in times B. Screen lock 
C. User permission 
D. Log-in lockout attempts 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 340 
A company recently experienced a security incident in which a USB drive containing malicious software was able to covertly install malware on a workstation. Which of the following actions should be taken to prevent this incident from happening again? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Install a host-based IDS. B. Restrict log-ln times. 
C. Enable a BIOS password. 
D. Update the password complexity. E. Disable AutoRun. 
F. Update the antivirus definitions. G. Restrict user permissions. 
 
Answer(s): E, G 
 
QUESTION: 341 
A hard drive that previously contained PII needs to be repurposed for a public access workstation. Which of the following data destruction methods should a technician use to ensure data is completely removed from the hard drive? 
 
A. Shredding B. Degaussing 
C. Low-level formatting D. Recycling 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 342 
A technician receives a help desk ticket from a user who is unable to update a phone. The technician investigates the issue and notices the following error message: Insufficient 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	100 
220-1102 


storage space. While analyzing the phone, the technician does not discover any third-party applications or photos. Which of the following is the best way to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Exchange the device for a newer one. B. Upgrade the onboard storage. 
C. Allocate more space by removing factory applications. D. Move factory applications to external memory. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 343 
During an enterprise rollout of a new application, a technician needs to validate compliance with an application’s EULA while also reducing the number of licenses to manage. Which of the following licenses would best accomplish this goal? 
 
A. Personal use license B. Corporate use license C. Open-source license D. Non-expiring license 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 344 
An administrator is designing and implementing a server backup system that minimizes the capacity of storage used. Which of the following is the best backup approach to use in conjunction with synthetic full backups? 
 
A. Differential B. Open file C. Archive 
D. Incremental 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 345 
A developer's Type 2 hypervisor is performing inadequately when compiling new source code. Which of the following components should the developer upgrade to improve the hypervisor's performance? 
 
A. Amount of system RAM B. NIC performance 
C. Storage IOPS D. Dedicated GPU 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 346 
A change advisory board authorized a setting change so a technician is permitted to implement the change. The technician successfully implemented the change. Which of the following should be done next? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	101 
220-1102 


A. Document the date and time of change. B. Document the purpose of the change. C. Document the risk level. 
D. Document the findings of the sandbox test. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 347 
A user's corporate phone was stolen, and the device contains company trade secrets. Which of the following technologies should be implemented to mitigate this risk? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Remote wipe B. Firewall 
C. Device encryption D. Remote backup E. Antivirus 
F. Global Positioning System 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 348 
A user visits a game vendor's website to view the latest patch notes, but this information is not available on the page. Which of the following should the user perform before reloading the page? 
 
A. Synchronize the browser data. B. Enable private browsing mode. C. Mark the site as trusted. 
D. Clear the cached file. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 349 
A user receives the following error while attempting to boot a computer: 
 
• BOOTMGR is missing 
• Press Ctrl+Alt+Del to restart 
 
Which of the following should a desktop engineer attempt first to address this issue? 
 
A. Repair Windows. 
B. Partition the hard disk. 
C. Reimage the workstation. D. Roll back the updates. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 350 
A technician is working on a way to register all employee badges and associated computer IDs. Which of the following options should the technician use in order to achieve this objective? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	102 
220-1102 


 
A. Database system 
B. Software management 
C. Active Directory description D. Infrastructure as a Service 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 351 
A technician successfully removed malicious software from an infected computer after running updates and scheduled scans to mitigate future risks. Which of the following should the technician do next? 
 
A. Educate the end user on best practices for security. B. Quarantine the host in the antivirus system. 
C. Investigate how the system was infected with malware. D. Create a system restore point. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 352 
An administrator responded to an incident where an employee copied financial data to a portable hard drive and then left the company with the data. The administrator documented the movement of the evidence. Which of the following concepts did the administrator demonstrate? 
 
A. Preserving chain of custody 
B. Implementing data protection policies C. Informing law enforcement 
D. Creating a summary of the incident 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 353 
A user requires a drive to be mapped through a Windows command line. Which of the following command-line tools can be utilized to map the drive? 
 
A. gpupdate B. net use C. hostname D. dir 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 354 
Users access files in the department share. When a user creates a new subfolder, only that user can access the folder and its files. Which of the following will MOST likely allow all users to access the new folders? 
 
A. Assigning share permissions B. Enabling inheritance 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	103 
220-1102 


C. Requiring multifactor authentication D. Removing archive attribute 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 355 
A computer technician is investigating a computer that is not booting. The user reports that the computer was working prior to shutting it down last night. The technician notices a removable USB device is inserted, and the user explains the device is a prize the user received in the mail yesterday. Which of the following types of attacks does this describe? 
 
A. Phishing 
B. Dumpster diving C. Tailgating 
D. Evil twin 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 356 
A macOS user is installing a new application. Which of the following system directories is the software most likely to install by default? 
 
A. /etc/services B. /Applications C. /usr/bin 
D. C:\Program Files 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 357 
A customer is requesting help with a technical issue. Which of the following techniques should the technician use to properly evaluate and correct the customer concern? 
 
A. Have a videoconference using the customer’s personal phone so the customer can share the screen. 
B. Ask yes or no questions so that the answers are clear. C. Use open-ended questions to get additional information. 
D. Ask for the customer’s password so the issue can be resolved quickly and directly by the technician. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 358 
A user is setting up backups on a workstation. The user wants to ensure that the restore process is as simple as possible. Which of the following backup types should the user select? 
 
A. Full 
B. Incremental C. Differential D. Synthetic 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	104 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 359 
A user notices a small USB drive is attached to the user’s computer after a new vendor visited the office. The technician notices two files named grabber.exe and output.txt. Which of the following attacks is most likely occurring? 
 
A. Trojan B. Rootkit 
C. Cryptominer D. Keylogger 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 360 
Which of the following ls command options is used to display hidden files and directories? 
 
A. -a B. -s C. -lh D. -t 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 361 
Which of the following social engineering tactics is best avoided by shredding sensitive documents? 
 
A. Dumpster diving B. Phishing 
C. Whaling 
D. Shoulder surfing 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 362 
A user receives an error message from an online banking site that states the following: 
 
Your connection is not private. Authority invalid. 
 
Which of the following actions should the user take next? 
 
A. Proceed to the site. 
B. Use a different browser. 
C. Report the error to the bank. D. Reinstall the browser. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 363 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	105 
220-1102 


Which of the following filesystems replaced FAT as the preferred filesystem for Microsoft Windows OS? 
 
A. APFS B. FAT32 C. NTFS D. ext4 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 364 
A user requires local administrative access to a workstation. Which of the following Control Panel utilities allows the technician to grant access to the user? 
 
A. System 
B. Network and Sharing Center C. User Accounts 
D. Security and Maintenance 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 365 
A systems administrator received a request to limit the amount of cellular data a user's Windows 10 tablet can utilize when traveling. Which of the following can the administrator do to best solve the user's issue? 
 
A. Turn on airplane mode. 
B. Set the connection to be metered. 
C. Configure the device to use a static IP address. D. Enable the Windows Defender Firewall. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 366 
Which of the following is used to ensure users have the appropriate level of access to perform their job functions? 
 
A. Access control list 
B. Multifactor authentication C. Least privilege 
D. Mobile device management 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 367 
A company implemented a BYOD policy and would like to reduce data disclosure caused by malware that may infect these devices. Which of the following should the company deploy to address these concerns? 
 
A. UAC B. MDM 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	106 
220-1102 


C. LDAP D. SSO 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 368 
Which of the following would allow physical access to a restricted area while maintaining a record of events? 
 
A. Hard token 
B. Access control vestibule C. Key fob 
D. Door Lock 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 369 
Maintaining the chain of custody is an important part of the incident response process. Which of the following reasons explains why this is important? 
 
A. To maintain an information security policy B. To properly identify the issue 
C. To control evidence and maintain integrity D. To gather as much information as possible 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 370 
A remote user is experiencing issues connecting to a corporate email account on a laptop. The user clicks the internet connection icon and does not recognize the connected Wi-Fi. The help desk technician, who is troubleshooting the issue, assumes this is a rogue access point. Which of the following is the first action the technician should take? 
 
A. Restart the wireless adapter. 
B. Launch the browser to see if it redirects to an unknown site. C. Instruct the user to disconnect the Wi-Fi. 
D. Instruct the user to run the installed antivirus software. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 371 
A systems administrator is troubleshooting network performance issues in a large corporate office. The end users report that traffic to certain internal environments is not stable and often drops. Which of the following command-line tools can provide the most detailed information for investigating the issue further? 
 
A. ipconfig B. arp 
C. nslookup D. pathping 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	107 
220-1102 


Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 372 
A user's workstation is failing to load. An analyst inspects the workstation and sees a message that states there is no bootable device. Which of the following should the analyst do first? 
 
A. Reimage the machine back to factory defaults. B. Verify drive readability in the BIOS. 
C. Select safe mode when the machine begins booting. D. Boot to a Linux live image. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 373 
A large university wants to equip all classrooms with high-definition IP videoconferencing equipment. Which of the following would most likely be impacted in this situation? 
 
A. SAN B. LAN C. GPU D. PAN 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 374 
A technician needs administrator access on a Windows workstation to facilitate system changes without elevating permissions. Which of the following would best accomplish this task? 
 
A. Group Policy Editor 
B. Local Users and Groups C. Device Manager 
D. System Configuration 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 375 
Which of the following default system tools can be used in macOS to allow the technician to view the screen simultaneously with the user? 
 
A. Remote Assistance 
B. Remote Desktop Protocol C. Screen Sharing 
D. Virtual Network Computing 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 376 
Windows updates need to be performed on a department's servers. Which of the following methods should be used to connect to the server? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	108 
220-1102 


 
A. FTP B. MSRA C. RDP D. VPN 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 377 
A technician is working on a Windows 10 PC that has unwanted applications starting on boot. Which of the following tools should the technician use to disable applications on startup? 
 
A. System Configuration B. Task Manager 
C. Performance Monitor D. Group Policy Editor 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 378 
A technician receives an invalid certificate error when visiting a website. Other workstations on the same local network are unable to replicate this issue. Which of the following is most likely causing the issue? 
 
A. Date and time 
B. User access control C. UEFI boot mode 
D. Log-on times 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 379 
A company is recycling old hard drives and wants to quickly reprovision the drives for reuse. Which of the following data destruction methods should the company use? 
 
A. Degaussing 
B. Standard formatting C. Low-level wiping 
D. Deleting 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 380 
Which of the following is used as a password manager in the macOS? 
 
A. Terminal B. FileVault C. Privacy D. Keychain 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	109 
220-1102 


Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 381 
A company's assets are scanned annually. Which of the following will most likely help the company gain a holistic view of asset cost? 
 
A. Creating a database 
B. Assigning users to assets C. Inventorying asset tags 
D. Updating the procurement account owners 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 382 
Which of the following types of malicious software is most likely to demand payments in cryptocurrency? 
 
A. Ransomware B. Keylogger 
C. Cryptomining D. Rootkit 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 383 
A systems administrator is creating a new document with a list of the websites that users are allowed to access. Which of the following types of documents is the administrator most likely creating? 
 
A. Access control list 
B. Acceptable use policy C. Incident report 
D. Standard operating procedure 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 384 
Which of the following file types would be used in the Windows Startup folder to automate copying a personal storage table (.pst file) to a network drive at log-in? 
 
A. .bat B. .dll C. .ps1 D. .txt 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 385 
Which of the following macOS features can help a user dose an application that has stopped responding? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	110 
220-1102 


A. Finder 
B. Mission Control 
C. System Preferences D. Force Quit 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 386 
Which of the following filesystem types does macOS use? 
 
A. ext4 B. exFAT C. NTFS D. APFS 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 387 
A company recently outsourced its night-shift cleaning service. A technician is concerned about having unsupervised contractors in the building. Which of the following security measures can be used to prevent the computers from being accessed? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Implementing data-at-rest encryption B. Disabling AutoRun 
C. Restricting user permissions D. Restricting log-in times 
E. Enabling a screen lock 
F. Disabling local administrator accounts 
 
Answer(s): D, E 
 
QUESTION: 388 
A user requested that the file permissions on a Linux device be changed to only allow access to a certain group of users. Which of the following commands should be used to complete the user's request? 
 
A. cat 
B. chmod C. pwd D. cacls 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 389 
A user installed a new computer game. Upon starting the game, the user notices the frame rates are low. Which of the following should the user upgrade to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Hard drive 
B. Graphics card 
C. Random-access memory D. Monitor 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	111 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 390 
A technician is troubleshooting application crashes on a Windows workstation. Each time the workstation user tries to open a website in a browser, the following message is displayed: 
 
crypt32.dll is missing or not found 
 
Which of the following should the technician attempt first? 
 
A. Rebuild Windows profiles B. Reimage the workstation C. Roll back updates 
D. Perform a system file check 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 391 
A technician is setting up a new laptop. The company's security policy states that users cannot install virtual machines. Which of the following should the technician implement to prevent users from enabling virtual technology on their laptops? 
 
A. UEFI password B. Secure boot 
C. Account lockout 
D. Disable network drivers 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 392 
Which of the following involves sending arbitrary characters in a web page request? 
 
A. SMS B. SSL C. XSS D. VPN 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 393 
A user is trying to use proprietary software, but it crashes intermittently. The user notices that the desktop is displaying a "low memory" warning message. Upon restarting the desktop, the issue persists. Which of the following should a technician do next to troubleshoot the issue? 
 
A. Reimage the computer. B. Replace the system RAM. 
C. Reinstall and update the failing software. D. Decrease the page file size. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	112 
220-1102 


Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 394 
An office is experiencing constant connection attempts to the corporate Wi-Fi. Which of the following should be disabled to mitigate connection attempts? 
 
A. SSID B. DHCP C. Firewall D. SSD 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 395 
A customer is accessing a public kiosk in a company’s lobby. Which of the following should be enforced to mitigate the risk of customer data being accidentally saved to the kiosk? 
 
A. Manually clearing browsing data B. Private-browsing mode 
C. Browser data synchronization D. Password manager 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 396 
A technician receives a personal text message while troubleshooting a customer's PC. The technician does not reply to the message and continues troubleshooting. Which of the following best describes the technician's actions? 
 
A. Avoiding distractions 
B. Presenting a professional appearance C. Setting and meeting timelines 
D. Projecting confidence 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 397 
A new employee is having difficulties using a laptop with a docking station. The laptop is connected to the docking station, and the laptop is closed. The external monitor works for a few seconds, but then the laptop goes to sleep. Which of the following options should the technician configure in order to fix the issue? 
 
A. Hibernate 
B. Sleep/suspend 
C. Choose what closing the lid does D. Turn on fast startup 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 398 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	113 
220-1102 


A technician is unable to access the internet or named network resources. The technician receives a valid IP address from the DHCP server and can ping the default gateway. Which of the following should the technician check next to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Verify the DNS server settings B. Turn off the Windows firewall 
C. Confirm the subnet mask is correct D. Configure a static IP address 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 399 
A technician needs to ensure that USB devices are not suspended by the operating system. Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the technician use to configure the setting? 
 
A. System 
B. Power Options 
C. Devices and Printers D. Ease of Access 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 400 
During a network outage, a technician discovers a new network switch that was not listed in the support documentation. The switch was installed during a recent change window when a new office was added to the environment. Which of the following would most likely prevent this type of mismatch after next month's change window? 
 
A. Performing annual network topology reviews 
B. Requiring all network changes include updating the network diagrams C. Allowing network changes once per year 
D. Routinely backing up switch configuration files 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 401 
A user's iPhone was permanently locked after several failed log-in attempts. Which of the following authentication methods are needed to restore access, applications, and data to the device? 
 
A. Fingerprint and pattern 
B. Facial recognition and PIN code C. Primary account and password 
D. Recovery contact and recovery key 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 402 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	114 
220-1102 


A company-owned mobile device is displaying a high number of ads, receiving data-usage limit notifications, and experiencing slow response. After checking the device, a technician notices the device has been jailbroken. Which of the following should the technician do next? 
 
A. Run an antivirus and enable encryption 
B. Restore the defaults and reimage the corporate OS C. Back up the files and do a system restore 
D. Undo the jailbreak and enable an antivirus 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 403 
A remote user is experiencing issues with Outlook settings and asks a technician to review the settings. Which of the following can the technician use to access the user's computer remotely? 
 
A. VPN B. RDP C. RMM D. SSH 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 404 
A workstation is displaying a message indicating that a user must exchange cryptocurrency for a decryption key. Which of the following is the best way for a technician to return the device to service safely? 
 
A. Run an AV scan. 
B. Reinstall the operating system. C. Install a software firewall. 
D. Perform a system restore 
E. Comply with the on-screen instructions. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 405 
A salesperson's computer is unable to print any orders on a local printer that is connected to the computer. Which of the following tools should the salesperson use to restart the print spooler? 
 
A. Control Panel B. Processes 
C. Startup D. Services 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 406 
Which of the following helps ensure that a piece of evidence extracted from a PC is admissible in a court of law? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	115 
220-1102 


 
A. Data integrity form 
B. Valid operating system license C. Documentation of an incident D. Chain of custody. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 407 
A network technician is deploying a new machine in a small branch office that does not have a DHCP server. The new machine automatically receives the IP address of 169.254.0.2 and is unable to communicate with the rest of the network. Which of the following would restore communication? 
 
A. Static entry B. ARP table 
C. APIPA address D. NTP specification Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 408 
A user wants to back up a Windows 10 device. Which of the following should the user select? 
 
A. Devices and Printers B. Email and Accounts C. Update and Security D. Apps and Features 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 409 
A technician is unable to completely start up a system. The OS freezes when the desktop background appears, and the issue persists when the system is restarted. Which of the following should the technician do next to troubleshoot the issue? 
 
A. Disable applicable BIOS options. B. Load the system in safe mode. 
C. Start up using a flash drive OS and run System Repair. D. Enable Secure Boot and reinstall the system. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 410 
A remote user contacts the help desk about an email that appears to be distorted. The technician is unsure what the user means and needs to view the email to assist with troubleshooting. Which of the following should the technician use to assist the user? 
 
 
A. VNC B. SSH 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	116 
220-1102 


C. VPN D. RMM 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 411 
A technician is familiar with most personnel at a customer's location and has clearance to work unsupervised. Which of the following describes how the technician should handle personal communication while on site? 
 
A. Respond to calls and text messages while on site but not when working directly with personnel. 
B. Respond to calls and text messages only from family. 
C. Respond to calls and text messages only when an emergency situation requires a response. 
D. Respond to calls and text messages discreetly while on site. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 412 
Which of the following Windows 10 editions is the most appropriate for a single user who wants to encrypt a hard drive with BitLocker? 
 
A. Professional B. Home 
C. Enterprise D. Embedded 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 413 
A user connected a smartphone to a coffee shop's public Wi-Fi and noticed the smartphone started sending unusual SMS messages and registering strange network activity. A technician thinks a virus or other malware has infected the device. Which of the following should the technician suggest the user do to best address these security and privacy concerns? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Disable Wi-Fi autoconnect. 
B. Stay offline when in public places. 
C. Uninstall all recently installed applications. D. Schedule an antivirus scan. 
E. Reboot the device. F. Update the OS. 
 
Answer(s): A, D 
 
QUESTION: 414 
In an organization with a standardized set of installed software, a developer submits a request to have new software installed. The company does not currently have a license for this software, but the developer already downloaded the installation file and is requesting that the technician install it. The developer states that the management team approved the 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	117 
220-1102 


business use of this software. Which of the following is the best action for the technician to take? 
 
A. Contact the software vendor to obtain the license for the user, and assist the user with installation once the license is purchased. 
B. Run a scan on the downloaded installation file to confirm that it is free of malicious software, install the software, and document the software installation process. 
C. Indicate to the developer that formal approval is needed; then, the IT team should investigate the software and the impact it will have on the organization before installing the software. 
D. Install the software and run a full system scan with antivirus software to confirm that the operating system is free of malicious software. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 415 
A technician needs to reimage a desktop in an area without network access. Which of the following should the technician use? (Choose two.) 
 
A. USB B. PXE 
C. Optical media D. Partition 
E. Boot record F. SMB 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 416 
A customer has a USB-only printer attached to a computer. A technician is configuring an arrangement that allows other computers on the network to use the printer. In which of the following locations on the customer's desktop should the technician make this configuration? 
 
A. Printing Preferences/Advanced tab B. Printer Properties/Sharing tab 
C. Printer Properties/Security tab D. Printer Properties/Ports tab 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 417  
A technician requires graphical remote access to various Windows, Linux, and macOS desktops on the company LAN. The security administrator asks the technician to utilize a single software solution that does not require an external internet connection. Which of the following remote access tools is the technician most likely to install? 
 
A. NC B. RMM C. RDP D. SSH 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	118 
220-1102 


Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 418 
Which of the following combinations meets the requirements for mobile device multifactor authentication? 
 
A. Password and PIN B. Password and swipe 
C. Fingerprint and password D. Swipe and PIN 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 419 
A help desk technician needs to remotely access and control a customer's Windows PC by using a secure session that allows the technician the same control as the customer. Which of the following tools provides this type of access? 
 
A. FTP B. RDP C. SSH D. VNC 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 420 
A corporate smartphone was stored for five months after setup. During this time, the company did not have any system updates. When the phone is turned on, an application runs, but it crashes intermittently. Which of the following should a technician do next? 
 
A. Restart the phone. B. Reimage the OS. 
C. Reinstall the application. D. Clear the cache. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 421 
A remote user's smartphone is performing very slowly. The user notices that the performance improves slightly after rebooting but then reverts back to performing slowly. The user also notices that the phone does not get any faster after connecting to the company's corporate guest network. A technician sees that the phone has a large number of applications installed on it. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the issue? 
 
A. The user is in a poor signal area. 
B. The user has too many processes running. C. The smartphone has malware on it. 
D. The smartphone has been jailbroken. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	119 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 422 
A technician is installing RAM in a new workstation and needs to protect against electrostatic discharge. Which of the following will best resolve this concern? 
 
A. Battery backup B. Thermal paste C. ESD strap 
D. Consistent power 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 423 
A technician is trying to connect to a user's laptop in order to securely install updates. Given the following information about the laptop: 
 








 
 
Which of the following should the technician do to connect via RDP? 
 
A. Confirm the user can ping the default gateway. B. Change the IP address on the user's laptop. C. Change the subnet mask on the user's laptop. D. Open port 3389 on the Windows firewall. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 424 
Which of the following is the most likely to use NTFS as the native filesystem? 
 
A. macOS B. Linux 
C. Windows D. Android 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 425 
A user is unable to access several documents saved on a work PC. A technician discovers the files were corrupted and must change several system settings within Registry Editor to correct the issue. Which of the following should the technician do before modifying the registry keys? 
 
A. Update the anti-malware software. B. Create a restore point. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	120 
220-1102 


C. Run the PC in safe mode. 
D. Roll back the system updates. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 426 
After a security event, a technician removes malware from an affected laptop and disconnects the laptop from the network. Which of the following should the technician do to prevent the operating system from automatically returning to an infected state? 
 
A. Enable System Restore. B. Disable System Restore. C. Enable antivirus. 
D. Disable antivirus. E. Educate the user. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 427 
Which of the following file types allows a user to easily uninstall software from macOS by simply placing it in the trash bin? 
 
A. .exe B. .dmg C. .app D. .rpm E. .pkg 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 428 
A user's application is unresponsive. Which of the following Task Manager tabs will allow the user to address the situation? 
 
A. Startup 
B. Performance 
C. Application history D. Processes 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 429 
A new spam gateway was recently deployed at a small business. However, users still occasionally receive spam. The management team is concerned that users will open the messages and potentially infect the network systems. Which of the following is the most effective method for dealing with this issue? 
 
A. Adjusting the spam gateway 
B. Updating firmware for the spam appliance C. Adjusting AV settings 
D. Providing user training 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	121 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 430 
An employee has repeatedly contacted a technician about malware infecting a work computer. The technician has removed the malware several times, but the user's PC keeps getting infected. Which of the following should the technician do to reduce the risk of future infections? 
 
A. Configure the firewall 
B. Restore the system from backups. C. Educate the end user. 
D. Update the antivirus program. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 431 
A user clicks a link in an email. A warning message in the user's browser states the site's certificate cannot be verified. Which of the following is the most appropriate action for a technician to take? 
 
A. Click proceed. 
B. Report the employee to the human resources department for violating company policy. C. Restore the computer from the last known backup. 
D. Close the browser window and report the email to IT security. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 432 
A user reports a hardware issue to the help desk. Which of the following should the help desk technician do first when responding to the user? 
 
A. Ask the user for the model number of the hardware. B. Offer a temporary replacement device to the user. C. Submit the issue to the manufacturer. 
D. Remotely install updates to the device driver. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 433 
An IT services company that supports a large government contract replaced the Ethernet cards on several hundred desktop machines to comply with regulatory requirements. Which of the following disposal methods for the non-compliant cards is the most environmentally friendly? 
 
A. Incineration B. Resale 
C. Physical destruction 
D. Dumpster for recycling plastics 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	122 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 434 
Which of the following file extensions should a technician use for a PowerShell script? 
 
A. .ps1 B. .py C. .sh D. .bat E. .cmd 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 435 SIMULATION 
A user reports that after a recent software deployment to upgrade applications, the user can no longer use the Testing program. However, other employees can successfully use the Testing program. 
 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Review the information in each tab to verify the results of the deployment and resolve any issues discovered by selecting the: 
 
• Index number of the Event Viewer issue 
• First command to resolve the issue 
• Second command to resolve the issue 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 
 



























 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	123 
220-1102 















































 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	124 
220-1102 















































 
 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	125 
220-1102 















































 
 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	126 
220-1102 

















































 
 











 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	127 
220-1102 















































 
 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	128 
220-1102 






















































 
 






 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	129 
220-1102 















































 
 













 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	130 
220-1102 















































 
 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 
 






 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	131 
220-1102 














































 
 
QUESTION: 436 SIMULATION 
As a corporate technician, you are asked to evaluate several suspect email messages on a client's computer. Corporate policy requires the following: 
 
• All phishing attempts must be reported. 
• Future spam emails to users must be prevented. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Review each email and perform the following within the email: 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	132 
220-1102 


• Classify the emails 
• Identify suspicious items, if applicable, in each email 
• Select the appropriate resolution 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 
 





















 
 





















 
 






 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	133 
220-1102 























 
 





















 
 














 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	134 
220-1102 























 
 





















 
 














 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	135 
220-1102 























 
 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 
 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 
 







 
 
QUESTION: 437 
A user receives a call from someone claiming to be a technical support agent. The caller asks the user to log in to the computer. Which of the following security measures should the user take to ensure security and privacy? 
 
A. Only accept calls from known people. B. Disregard any suspicious emails. 
C. Update the antivirus software. 
D. Enable two-factor authentication. E. Install a malware scanner. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 438 
A user reports that an air-gapped computer may have been infected with a virus after the user transferred files from a USB drive. The technician runs a computer scan with Windows 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	136 
220-1102 


Defender but does not find an infection. Which of the following actions should the technician take next? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Examine the event logs B. Connect to the network C. Document the findings D. Update the definitions E. Reimage the computer F. Enable the firewall 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 439 
An administrator needs to select a method to dispose of SSDs containing sensitive data. Which of the following are the most appropriate methods? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Degauss B. Delete 
C. Incinerate D. Recycle E. Format 
F. Shred 
 
Answer(s): C, F 
 
QUESTION: 440 
A technician has verified a computer is infected with malware. The technician isolates the system and updates the anti-malware software. Which of the following should the technician do next? 
 
A. Run one scan and schedule future scans. 
B. Back up the uninfected files and reimage the computer. C. Restore the clean backup copies of the infected files. 
D. Run repeated remediation scans until the malware is removed. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 441 
A technician needs to configure security settings on a Windows 10 workstation. Which of the following should the technician configure to limit password attempts? 
 
A. Account Lockout Policy B. User Access Control C. System Protection 
D. Firewall 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 442 
Which of the following protocols supports fast roaming between networks? 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	137 
220-1102 


A. WEP B. WPA C. WPA2 D. LEAP E. PEAP 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 443 
A technician is setting up a SOHO router in a user’s home. The user wants the router to be configured to prevent access to malicious content and apply internet access protection. Which of the following settings should the technician configure? 
 
A. Port forwarding B. Content filtering 
C. Firmware updates D. DHCP reservations 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 444 
A user's computer unexpectedly shut down immediately after the user plugged in a USB headset. Once the user turned the computer back on, everything was functioning properly, including the headset. Which of the following Microsoft tools would most likely be used to determine the root cause? 
 
A. Event Viewer 
B. System Configuration C. Device Manager 
D. Performance Monitor 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 445 
A developer reports that a workstation’s database file extensions have been changed from .db to .enc. The developer is also unable to open the database files manually. Which of the following is the best option for recovering the data? 
 
A. Accessing a restore point. B. Rebooting into safe mode C. Utilizing the backups 
D. Using an AV to scan the affected files 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 446 
A large company is changing its password length requirements. The Chief Information Officer is mandating that passwords now be at least 12 characters long, instead of 10. Which of the following should be used to adjust this setting? 
 
A. Group Policy 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	138 
220-1102 


B. User accounts 
C. Access control lists 
D. Authenticator applications 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 447 
Multiple users routinely record log-in information in readily accessible areas. Which of the following is the best way to mitigate this issue? 
 
A. Trusted sources B. Valid certificates C. User training 
D. Password manager 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 448 
A user recently purchased a second monitor and wants to extend the Windows desktop to the new screen. Which of the following Control Panel options should a technician adjust to help the user? 
 
A. Color Management B. System 
C. Troubleshooting D. Device Manager 
E. Administrative Tools 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 449 
Which of the following commands can a technician use to get the MAC address of a Linux distribution? 
 
A. net use B. ifconfig C. netstat D. ping 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 450 
A user reports that an Android mobile device takes a long time to boot, and all applications crash when launched. The user installed the applications from a third-party website. Which of the following steps should the technician complete to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. Scan the system for malware. B. Clear the web browser cache. 
C. Enroll the device in an MDM system. 
D. Confirm the compatibility of the applications with the OS. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	139 
220-1102 


Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 451 
A technician is hardening a company file server and needs to prevent unauthorized LAN devices from accessing stored files. Which of the following should the technician use? 
 
A. Software firewall 
B. Password complexity C. Antivirus application D. Anti-malware scans 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 452 
A technician is installing software on a user’s workstation. The installation fails due to incompliance with the HCL. Which of the following components is most likely causing the installation to fail? (Choose two.) 
 
A. NIC B. CPU C. PSU D. KVM E. RAM F. DVI 
 
Answer(s): A, E 
 
QUESTION: 453 
Which of the following items require special e-waste recycling? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Solid-state drive B. A/C adapter 
C. Surge protector D. Laptop battery E. CRT monitor 
F. Power supply 
 
Answer(s): D, E 
 
QUESTION: 454 
A user reports that the hard drive activity light on a Windows 10 desktop computer has been steadily lit for more than an hour and performance is severely degraded. Which of the following tabs in Task Manager contains the information a technician should use to identify the cause of this issue? 
 
A. Services B. Processes 
C. Performance D. Startup 
 
Answer(s): B 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	140 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 455 
A technician downloaded a software program to a network share. When the technician attempts to copy the program to the Windows tablet for installation, the technician receives an error. Which of the following is the best procedure for the technician to use to complete the assignment? 
 
A. Copy the program file to a USB drive and install. B. Burn the program file to a CD and install. 
C. Format the HDD and then do the installation. D. Replace the HDD and then do the installation 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 456 
Which of the following features can be used to ensure a user can access multiple versions of files? 
 
A. Multiple desktops B. Remote Disc 
C. Time Machine D. FileVault 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 457 
Which of the following is an example of MFA? 
 
A. Fingerprint scan and retina scan B. Password and PIN 
C. Username and password D. Smart card and password 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 458 
A technician wants to enable BitLocker on a Windows 10 laptop and is unable to find the BitLocker Drive Encryption menu item in Control Panel. Which of the following explains why the technician is unable to find this menu item? 
 
A. The hardware does not meet BitLocker’s minimum system requirements. B. BitLocker was renamed for Windows 10. 
C. BitLocker is not included on Windows 10 Home. 
D. BitLocker was disabled in the registry of the laptop. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 459 
A user’s Windows 10 workstation with an HDD is running really slowly. The user has opened, closed, and saved many large files over the past week. Which of the following tools should a technician use to remediate the issue? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	141 
220-1102 


 
A. Disk Defragment B. Registry Editor 
C. System Information D. Disk Cleanup 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 460 
A branch office suspects a machine contains ransomware. Which of the following mitigation steps should a technician take first? 
 
A. Disable System Restore. B. Remediate the system. C. Educate the system user. D. Quarantine the system. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 461 
A Linux technician needs a filesystem type that meets the following requirements: 
 
• All changes are tracked. 
• The possibility of file corruption is reduced. 
• Data recovery is easy. 
 
Which of the following filesystem types best meets these requirements? 
 
A. ext3 B. FAT32 C. exFAT D. NTFS 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 462 
A user’s laptop has been performing slowly and redirecting to unfamiliar websites. The user has also noticed random pop-up windows. Which of the following is the first step a technician should take to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Scan for malware and ransomware. B. Perform a system restore. 
C. Check the network utilization. D. Update the antivirus software. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 463 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	142 
220-1102 


A user reports being unable to access a sports team’s website on an office computer. The administrator tells the user this blocked access is intentional and based on company guidelines. Which of the following is the administrator referring to? 
 
A. NDA B. AUP C. VPN D. SOP 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 464 
Which of the following authentication types is the most secure? 
 
A. WPA3 B. WEP 
C. RADIUS D. TACACS+\ E. WPS 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 465 
A technician is manually updating Windows workstations. Each workstation is currently running Windows Pro in a workgroup environment. Which of the following changes can the technician make to create a more manageable environment? 
 
A. Downgrade all workstations from the Pro version to the Home version of the OS. B. Upgrade all workstations from the Pro version to Pro for Workstations. 
C. Create a domain and join the workstations to the domain for management purposes. D. Make sure all workstations are operating under the same workgroup name. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 466 
A user is unable to start a computer following a failed Windows 10 update. When trying to start the computer, the user sees a blue screen of death. Which of the following steps should a technician take to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. Perform a safe mode boot. 
B. Run the System Restore wizard. 
C. Start the computer in the last known-good configuration. D. Reset the BIOS settings. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 467 
Applications on a computer are not updating, which is preventing the user from opening certain files. Which of the following MAC snap-ins should the technician launch next to continue troubleshooting the issue? 
 
A. gpedit.msc 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	143 
220-1102 


B. perfmon.msc C. devmgmt.msc D. eventvwr.msc 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 468 
A technician needs to back up a small business’s entire network that includes ten workstations. Which of the following methods should the technician use to safely and securely back up the business’s network? 
 
A. Cloud storage B. RAID 
C. Tape drive 
D. Local backups 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 469 
A technician wants to update the local security policies on a Windows machine but is unable to launch the expected snap-in. Which of the following is the most likely reason? 
 
A. The computer is running Windows Home. 
B. The user did not sign the end user license agreement. C. The user disabled the User Account Control. 
D. An antivirus application is blocking access. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 470 
Which of the following is also known as something you know, something you have, and something you are? 
 
A. ACL B. MFA C. SMS D. NFC 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 471 
An organization is creating guidelines for the incorporation of generative AI solutions. In which of the following would these guidelines be published? 
 
A. Standard operating procedure B. Acceptable use policy 
C. Security protocols D. Data flow diagram 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	144 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 472 
When visiting a particular website, a user receives a message stating, “Your connection is not private”. Which of the following describes this issue? 
 
A. Certificate warning B. Malware 
C. JavaScript error 
D. Missing OS update 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 473 
Malware is installed on a device after a user clicks on a link in a suspicious email. Which of the following is the best way to remove the malware? 
 
A. Run System Restore. B. Place in recovery mode. C. Schedule a scan. 
D. Restart the PC. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 474 
A technician needs to perform after-hours service starting at 10:00 p.m. The technician is currently 20 minutes late. The customer will also be late. Which of the following should the technician do considering proper communication techniques and professionalism? 
 
A. Do not notify the customer if arriving before the customer. 
B. Dismiss the customer and proceed with the after-hours work. C. Contact the customer if the technician is arriving late. 
D. Disclose the experience via social media 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 475 
A client wants a technician to set up a proxy server in a branch office to manage internet access. This involves configuring the workstations to use the new proxy server. Which of the following Internet Options tabs in Control Panel would be most appropriate for the technician to use to configure the settings? 
 
A. Privacy B. Advanced C. Content 
D. Connections E. Security 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 476 
A customer installed a new web browser from an unsolicited USB drive that the customer received in the mail. The browser is not working as expected, and internet searches are 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	145 
220-1102 


redirected to another site. Which of the following should the user do next after uninstalling the browser? 
 
A. Delete the browser cookies and history. B. Reset all browser settings. 
C. Change the browser default search engine. D. Install a trusted browser. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 477 
A company is creating an access control system that uses something you have and something you are. Which of the following will be required for user authentication? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Password manager B. Encryption keys 
C. Biometric scanner D. Smartcard reader E. Host-based IDS F. PIN code 
 
Answer(s): C, D 
 
QUESTION: 478 
An administrator configured security features on company-owned mobile devices to help protect against data loss. Which of the following is the best way to protect data on a misplaced device? 
 
A. Remote wipe 
B. Device encryption C. PIN codes 
D. Locator applications 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 479 
A technician cannot uninstall a system driver because the driver is currently in use. Which of the following tools should the technician use to help uninstall the driver? 
 
A. msinfo32.exe B. dxdiag.exe C. msconfig.exe D. regedit.exe 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 480 
Which of the following operating systems is most commonly used in embedded systems? 
 
A. Chrome OS 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	146 
220-1102 


B. macOS C. Windows D. Linux 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 481 
A user identified that a program installed in a workstation does not have optional features enabled. Which of the following must the technician do to install the optional features? 
 
A. Go to Programs and Features, uninstall the program, and reinstall it. B. Go to Administrative Tools and edit System Configuration. 
C. Go to Administrative Tools and run Disk Cleanup. 
D. Go to Programs and Features, select the program, and click on Change. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 482 
A technician needs to strengthen security controls against brute-force attacks. Which of the following options best meets this requirement? 
 
A. Multifactor authentication B. Encryption 
C. Increased password complexity D. Secure password vault 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 483 
A user is experiencing the following issues with Bluetooth on a smartphone: 
 
• The user cannot hear any sound from a speaker paired with the smartphone. 
• The user is having issues synchronizing data from their smart watch, which is also connected via Bluetooth. 
 
A technician checked the Bluetooth settings, confirmed it is successfully paired with a speaker, and adjusted the volume levels, but still could not hear anything. Which of the following steps should the technician take next to troubleshoot the Bluetooth issues? 
 
A. Restart the smartphone. 
B. Reset the network settings. C. Unpair the Bluetooth speaker. D. Check for system updates. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 484 
A technician is building a new desktop machine for a user who will be using the workstation to render 3-D promotional movies. Which of the following is the most important component? 
 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	147 
220-1102 


A. Dedicated GPU B. DDR5 SODIMM C. NVMe disk 
D. 64-bit CPU 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 485 
A technician is troubleshooting a PC that is unable to perform DNS lookups. Utilizing the following firewall output: 
 










 	 
 
Which of the following ports should be opened to allow for DNS recursion? 
 
A. 1 B. 53 C. 80 D. 123 E. 445 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 486 
When a user attempts to open an email using a company-issued smartphone, the user receives a message stating the email is encrypted and cannot be opened. The user forwards the email to a personal account and receives the same message. The user then contacts the IT department for assistance. The technician instructs the user to contact the sender to exchange information in order to decode the message. Which of the following will the user receive from the sender? 
 
A. Keys B. Token 
C. Password D. Root CA 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 487 
Which of the following statements describes the purpose of scripting languages? 
 
A. To access the hardware of the computer it is running on 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	148 
220-1102 


B. To automate tasks and reduce the amount of manual labor C. To abstract the complexity of the computer system 
D. To compile the program into an executable file 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 488 
A technician is setting up a printer on a Linux workstation. Which of the following commands should the technician use to set the default printer? 
 
A. lpr 
B. lspool C. lpstat 
D. lpoptions 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 489 
A user's work PC has been the target of multiple phishing attacks. Which of the following is a way for the user to prevent further attacks? 
 
A. Enabling Windows Firewall 
B. Activating the email spam filter C. Using a secure VPN connection 
D. Running vulnerability scans on a schedule 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 490 
A technician is troubleshooting a Windows system that is having issues with the OS loading at startup. Which of the following should the technician do to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. Enable boot logging on the system. 
B. Launch the last known-good configuration. 
C. Check the system resource usage in Task Manager. D. Run the sfc /scannow command. 
E. Use the Event Viewer to open the application log. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 491 
A payroll server has data on it that needs to be readily available and can be recovered quickly if something is accidentally removed. Which of the following backup methods should be used to provide the fastest data recovery in this situation? 
 
A. Full 
B. Differential C. Synthetic D. Incremental 
 
Answer(s): A 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	149 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 492 
A company recently experienced a security incident in which a USB drive containing malicious software was able to covertly install malware on a workstation. Which of the following actions should be taken to prevent this incident from happening again? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Install a host-based IDS. B. Restrict log-ln times. 
C. Enable a BIOS password. 
D. Update the password complexity. E. Disable AutoRun. 
F. Restrict user permissions. 
 
Answer(s): E, F 
 
QUESTION: 493 
A user is trying to limit the amount of time their children spend on the internet. Which of the following Windows 10 settings should be enabled to accomplish this objective? 
 
A. Family Options 
B. Update & Security C. Ease of Access 
D. Network & Internet E. Privacy 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 494 
A user reports that a new, personally owned tablet will not connect to the corporate Wi-Fi network. The user is able to connect to the Wi-Fi network with other devices, and the tablet is running the latest software. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the issue? 
 
A. Incorrect encryption settings B. Blocked MAC address 
C. Outdated drivers 
D. Disabled location services 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 495 
A technician is on site dealing with an angry customer. The customer thinks the issues have not been addressed, while the technician thinks that the issue has been correctly resolved. Which of the following should the technician do to best handle the situation? 
 
A. Insist that the customer is correct and document the concern. B. Listen to the customer and do not speak at all. 
C. Escalate the issue to the next tier. 
D. Apologize and ask what would help resolve the issue. 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	150 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 496 
Which of the following should be documented to ensure that the change management plan is followed? 
 
A. Scope of the change B. Purpose of the change C. Change rollback plan D. Change risk analysis 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 497 
A technician needs to upgrade a legacy system running on a 32-bit OS with new applications that can work both on a 32-bit and a 64-bit system. The legacy system is critically important to the organization. The IT manager cautions that the new applications must not have a detrimental effect on company finances. Which of the following impacts is the IT manager most concerned with? 
 
A. Device B. Business C. Network 
D. Operation 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 498 
A technician is modifying the default home page of all the workstations in a company. Which of the following will help to implement this change? 
 
A. Insist that the customer is correct and document the concern. B. Listen to the customer and do not speak at all. 
C. Escalate the issue to the next tier. 
D. Apologize and ask what would help resolve the issue. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 499 
A technician is troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC that is unable to start the GUI. A new SSD and a new copy of Windows were recently installed on the PC. Which of the following is the most appropriate command to use to fix the issue? 
 
A. msconfig B. chkdsk C. sfc 
D. diskpart E. mstsc 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 500  


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	151 
220-1102 


A technician is troubleshooting a PC because the user has reported strange pop-up windows and computer performance issues. Which of the following actions should the technician take next? 
 
A. Isolate the machine from the network. B. Scan the system for hidden files. 
C. Disable unused ports. D. Install antivirus software. E. Reconfigure the firewall. 
 
Answer(s): D  
 
QUESTION: 501 
A technician has been unable to remediate a persistent malware infection on a user's workstation. After the technician reinstalled the OS, the malware infection returned later that day. Which of the following is the most likely source? 
 
A. Trojan 
B. Boot sector virus C. Spyware 
D. Rootkit 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 502 
A technician is doing a bare-metal installation of the Windows 10 operating system. Which of the following prerequisites must be in place before the technician can start the installation process? 
 
A. Internet connection B. Product key 
C. Sufficient storage space D. UEFI firmware 
E. Legacy BIOS 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 503 
Which of the following operating systems would most likely be used to run the inventory management system at a factory? 
 
A. Windows B. Chrome OS C. Android 
D. iOS 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 504 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	152 
220-1102 


A company using Active Directory wants to change the location of all users' "Documents" to a file server on the network. Which of the following should the company set up to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Security groups B. Folder redirection 
C. Organizational unit structure D. Access control list 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 505 
A technician is creating a location on a Windows workstation for a customer to store meeting minutes. Which of the following commands should the technician use? 
 
A. c:\minutes B. dir 
C. rmdir D. md 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 506 
Which of the following is the most likely reason a filtration system is critical for data centers? 
 
A. Plastics degrade over time. 
B. High humidity levels can rust metal. C. Insects can invade the data center. D. Dust particles can clog the machines. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 507 
Which of the following Linux commands would help to identify which directory the user is currently operating in? 
 
A. pwd B. dig C. find D. cat 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 508 
Which of the following authentication methods should be used for BYOD wireless devices? 
 
A. Local certificates B. TACACS+ 
C. RADIUS 
D. Captive portal 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	153 
220-1102 


Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 509 
A user recently downloaded a free game application on an Android device. The device then began crashing frequently and quickly losing its battery charge. Which of the following should the technician recommend be done first to remediate these issues? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Uninstall the game application. 
B. Perform a factory reset of the device. 
C. Connect the device to an external charger. D. Install the latest security patches. 
E. Clear the application's cache. 
F. Enable the device's built-in anti-malware protection. 
 
Answer(s): A, D 
 
QUESTION: 510 
A user is setting up a new Windows 10 laptop. Which of the following Windows settings should be used to input the SSID and password? 
 
A. Network & Internet B. System 
C. Personalization D. Accounts 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 511 
A customer is configuring on an old desktop an inexpensive file server to share photos and videos and wants to avoid complicated licensing. Which of the following operating systems should the technician most likely recommend? 
 
A. Chrome OS B. Linux 
C. macOS D. Windows 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 512 
A technician is following the ticketing system's best practices when handling user support requests. Which of the following should the technician do first when responding to a user support request that contains insufficient information? 
 
A. Ask the user for clarification. 
B. Keep the user updated on the progress. C. Document the root cause. 
D. Follow the system's escalation process. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	154 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 513 
Which of the following is used to prevent automobiles from crashing into a building? 
 
A. Cameras B. Bollard C. Lighting 
D. Biometrics 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 514 
Which of the following operating systems uses the ext4 filesystem type? 
 
A. macOS B. iOS 
C. Linux 
D. Windows 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 515 
A user wants to acquire antivirus software for a SOHO PC. A technician recommends a licensed software product, but the user does not want to pay for a license. Which of the following license types should the technician recommend? 
 
A. Corporate 
B. Open-source C. Personal 
D. Enterprise 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 516 
A technician needs to track evidence for a forensic investigation on a Windows computer. Which of the following describes this process? 
 
A. Valid license 
B. Data retention requirements C. Material safety data sheet D. Chain of custody 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 517 
Which of the following describes a concept that requires using a combination of an ID, a password, and a biometric? 
 
A. Types of security B. Access control 
C. Principle of least privilege D. Multifactor authentication 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	155 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 518 
A technician is troubleshooting a smartphone that is unable to download and install the latest OS update. The technician notices the device operates more slowly than expected, even after rebooting and closing all applications. Which of the following should the technician check next? 
 
A. Application permissions B. Available storage space C. Battery charge level 
D. Wi-Fi connection speed 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 519 
A SOHO wireless router needs to be configured so incoming traffic is only allowed on specified ports. Which of the following is the best way for the technician to accomplish this task? 
 
A. Physically secure access to the router. B. Implement AES encryption. 
C. Install the latest firmware. 
D. Disable Universal Plug and Play. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 520 
The calendar application on an employee's smartphone is experiencing frequent crashes, and the smartphone has become unresponsive. Which of the following should a technician do first to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Reinstall the application on the smartphone. B. Update the smartphone's OS. 
C. Reset the smartphone to factory settings. D. Reboot the smartphone. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 521 
Which of the following is the Windows OS that only recognizes 4GB of RAM? 
 
A. The Home version OS B. The 32-bit OS 
C. The 64-bit OS 
D. The trial version OS 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 522 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	156 
220-1102 


A company is requiring its staff to work remotely and needs to ensure remote access to servers and fileshares is secure. Which of the following should the company implement? (Choose two.) 
 
A. RDP B. VPN C. FTP D. VLAN E. Telnet 
F. HTTPS G. DHCP 
 
Answer(s): B, F 
 
QUESTION: 523 
A user receives an error message on a Windows 10 device when trying to access a mapped drive from a Windows XP machine in the office. Other Windows XP devices in the office can access the drive. Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the user select to enable connectivity to the device? 
 
A. Devices and Printers B. Administrative Tools 
C. Network and Sharing Center D. Programs and Features 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 524 
An administrator received a new shipment of mobile devices. Per company policy, all enterprise-issued devices must have two authentication methods, and the organization has already enforced the use of PIN codes as one method. Which of the following device features should the administrator enable? 
 
A. Smart card B. Biometrics C. Hard token 
D. One-time password 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 525 
Which of the following is the best way to limit the loss of confidential data if an employee's company smartphone is lost or stolen? 
 
A. Installing a VPN 
B. Implementing location tracking C. Configuring remote wipe 
D. Enabling backups 
 
Answer(s): D 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	157 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 526 
A customer, whose smartphone's screen was recently repaired, reports that the device has no internet access through Wi-Fi. The device shows that it is connected to Wi-Fi, has an address of 192.168.1.42, and has no subnet mask. Which of the following should the technician check next? 
 
A. Internal antenna connections B. Static IP settings 
C. Airplane mode 
D. Digitizer calibration 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 527 
A computer is restarting automatically and displaying the following error message: 
 
Your PC ran into a problem and needs to restart. We’re just collecting some error info, and then we’ll restart for you. (0% complete). 
 
Which of the following should the technician do first to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. Check the system event logs. 
B. Verify the hardware driver versions. C. Install Windows updates. 
D. Perform a RAM diagnostic. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 528 
An IT technician is attempting to access a user’s workstation on the corporate network but needs more information from the user before an invitation can be sent. Which of the following command-line tools should the technician instruct the user to run? 
 
A. nslookup B. tracert 
C. hostname D. gpresult 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 529 
A technician needs to upgrade the operating system on 200 lab computers to the latest version of Linux. Which of the following is the fastest upgrade method? 
 
A. Starting up from the USB flash drive B. Cloning each computer’s hard drive C. Installing from a network share 
D. Using the Windows Subsystem for Linux 
 
Answer(s): C 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	158 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 530 
A user’s antivirus software reports an infection that it is unable to remove. Which of the following is the most appropriate way to remediate the issue? 
 
A. Disable System Restore. B. Utilize a Linux live disc. 
C. Quarantine the infected system. D. Update the anti-malware. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 531 
Which of the following is the best reason for sandbox testing in change management? 
 
A. To evaluate the change before deployment B. To obtain end-user acceptance 
C. To determine the affected systems D. To select a change owner 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 532 
A customer calls desktop support and begins yelling at a technician. The customer claims to have submitted a support ticket two hours ago and complains that the issue still has not been resolved. Which of the following describes how the technician should respond? 
 
A. Place the customer on hold until the customer calms down. B. Disconnect the call to avoid a confrontation. 
C. Wait until the customer is done speaking and offer assistance. D. Escalate the issue to a supervisor. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 533 
Which of the following operating systems was the .app file type designed to run under as an application file bundle? 
 
A. macOS B. Chrome C. Windows D. Linux 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 534 SIMULATION 
Multiple users are reporting audio issues as well as performance issues after downloading unauthorized software. You have been dispatched to identify and resolve any issues on the network using best practice procedures. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	159 
220-1102 


Quarantine and configure the appropriate device(s) so that the users’ audio issues are resolved using best practice procedures. 
 
Multiple devices may be selected for quarantine. 
 
Click on a host or server to configure services. 
 
If at any time you would like to bring back the initial state of the simulation, please click the Reset All button. 
 























 
 
























 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	160 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	161 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	162 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	163 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	164 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	165 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	166 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	167 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	168 
220-1102 























































 
 





 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	169 
220-1102 























































 
 
 
A. See Explanation section for answer. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	170 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): A Explanation: 





















































 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	171 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 535 
A healthcare organization wants to provide iPads to the nursing staff. Which of the following accounts would provide the least privilege to the users? 
 
A. Guest B. Root 
C. Superuser 
D. Administrator 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 536 
A user clicked on a link in an email and was redirected to a web page. Now, some commonly used websites are not accessible. A technician confirms that other users are not experiencing the same issue. Which of the following steps should the technician take next to properly identify the issue? 
 
A. Check the hosts file. 
B. Review the laptop’s IP settings C. Enable the Windows Firewall. 
D. Verify if the wireless router is functioning. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 537 
A technician is installing a new copy of Windows on all computers in the enterprise. Given the following requirements: 
 
• The install phase must be scripted to run over the network. 
• Each computer requires a new SSD as the system drive. 
• The existing HDD should remain as a backup drive 
 
Which of the following command-line tools should the technician use to install the drive and transfer the installation files from the network share? (Choose three.) 
 
A. net use B. robocopy C. winver D. diskpart E. sfc 
F. netstat G. ping H. chkdsk 
 
Answer(s): A, B, D 
 
QUESTION: 538 
A newly hired employee is trying to enroll a personal mobile device in the company's mobile device management system. After the initial attempt, the employee receives a notification 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	172 
220-1102 


stating, "not compliant - call support.' Which of the following is the reason why the employee is receiving this message? 
 
A. More RAM is needed. B. AirDrop is not enabled. 
C. The device has been jailbroken. D. The account has no profile picture. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 539 
A technician is modifying the default home page of all the workstations in a company. Which of the following will help to implement this change? 
 
A. Group Policy 
B. Browser extension 
C. System Configuration D. Task Scheduler 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 540 
A technician is implementing the latest application security updates for endpoints on an enterprise network. Which of the following solutions should the technician use to ensure device security on the network while adhering to industry best practices? 
 
A. Automate the patching process B. Monitor the firewall configuration, C. Implement access control lists. D. Document all changes. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 541 
A user's File Explorer keeps crashing. The technician is troubleshooting and tries the following: 
 
• Runs Windows Update 
• Runs CHKDSK and SFC /scannow 
• Clears File Explorer history 
 
Which of the following actions should the technician take next? 
 
A. Roll back the most recent set of Windows updates. B. Reimage the computer and ask the user to test. 
C. Test the computer's memory. D. Repartition the boot drive. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	173 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 542 
A company installed WAPs and deployed new laptops and docking stations to all employees. The docking stations are connected via LAN cables. Users are now reporting degraded network service. The IT department has determined that the WAP mesh network is experiencing a higher than anticipated amount of traffic. Which of the following would be the most efficient way to ensure the wireless network can support the expected number of wireless users? 
 
A. Replacing non-mobile users' laptops with wired desktop systems B. Increasing the wireless network adapter metric 
C. Adding wireless repeaters throughout the building 
D. Upgrading the current mesh network to support the 802.11n specification 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 543 
A customer needs to verify an executable file that the customer downloaded from a website. Which of the following should the customer use to verify the file? 
 
A. Password manager B. BitLocker 
C. File Vault D. Checksum E. Secure site 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 544 
A technician needs to implement a backup and recovery solution that will ensure executives’ laptops can be restored if needed. The plan should include the capability to perform granular and whole-disk recovery. Which of the following are the best options for the technician to successfully implement the plan? (Choose two.) 
 
A. RAID 
B. Volume shadow copy C. Incremental backup D. System restore 
E. Grandfather-father-son backup F. Disk imaging 
 
Answer(s): C, E 
 
QUESTION: 545 
A technician is configuring a SOHO router and wants to only allow specific computers on the network. Which of the following should the technician do? 
 
A. Configure MAC filtering. B. Disable DHCP. 
C. Configure port forwarding. D. Disable guest access. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	174 
220-1102 


Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 546 
A technician is adding some Windows 10 workstations to the corporate domain. A script was able to add the majority of the workstations, but failed on a couple. Which of the following menus should the technician check in order to complete the task manually? 
 
A. User Accounts 
B. System Properties C. Windows Firewall 
D. Network and Sharing 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 547 
A technician is troubleshooting a user's PC that is running slowly and displaying frequent pop-ups. The technician thinks malware may be causing the issues, but before the issues began the user installed anti-malware software in response to a pop-up window. Which of the following is the most likely cause of these issues? 
 
A. Expired certificate B. False alert 
C. Missing system files D. OS update failure 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 548 
A customer called the help desk to report that a new USB CD drive is not working. Which of the following tools should the technician use to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. lusrmgr.msc B. devmgmt.msc C. certmgr.msc D. perfmon.msc 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 549 
Which of the following is used to generate passcodes necessary to access applications or systems that require an extra layer of security? 
 
A. Authenticator application B. Access control lists 
C. Biometrics 
D. Smart card readers 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 550 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	175 
220-1102 


A user reports receiving constant, unwanted pop-ups and being unable to close the browser window. These issues have impacted the user's productivity and may have caused the user's files to be altered. Which of the following should a technician do to address these issues with minimal impact to the user? 
 
A. Use System Restore to recover the OS files. 
B. Wipe the computer and install a new copy of the OS. 
C. Identify whether the disk partition table has been reduced in size. 
D. Perform a full-system, antivirus scan and check browser notifications. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 551 
A customer wants to make sure the data is protected and secure on a Windows laptop's hard drive. Which of the following is the best solution? 
 
A. Windows Backup B. BitLocker 
C. Shadow Copy 
D. Trusted Platform Module 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 552 
Employees at comptia.org are reporting getting a usual amount of emails from a coworker. A technician discovers the emails were sent from the following address: john@cOmptia.org. 
 
Which of the following social engineering attacks is this an example of? 
 
A. Whaling 
B. Insider threat C. Phishing 
D. Vishing E. Evil twin 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 553 
A web developer installs and launches a new external web server. Immediately following the launch, the performance of all traffic traversing the firewall degrades substantially. Which of the following considerations was overlooked? 
 
A. OS compatibility B. Quality of service 
C. 32- vs. 64-bit architecture D. Storage requirements 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 554 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	176 
220-1102 


A technician is setting up a network printer for a customer who has a SOHO router. The technician wants to make sure the printer stays connected in the future and is available on all the computers in the house. Which of the following should the technician configure on the printer? 
 
A. DNS settings B. Static IP 
C. WWAN 
D. Metered connection 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 555 
A web server is configured to only allow secure connections. Which of the following will a user most likely use to connect to the web server? 
 
A. TFTP B. HTTP C. FTP D. TLS 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 556 
Which of the following is protected by government policy for end user information? 
 
A. DRM B. EULA C. PCI D. PII 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 557 
Which of the following allows users to access connected system features through account federation? 
 
A. MFA B. NAC C. SSO D. UAC 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 558 
A technician has identified malicious traffic originating from a user's computer. Which of the following is the best way to identify the source of the attack? 
 
A. Investigate the firewall logs. 
B. Isolate the machine from the network. C. Inspect the Windows Event Viewer. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	177 
220-1102 


D. Take a physical inventory of the device. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 559 
A company was recently attacked by ransomware. The IT department has remediated the threat and determined that the attack method used was email. Which of the following the most effective way to prevent this issue from reoccurring? 
 
A. Spam filtering 
B. Malware prevention software C. End user education 
D. Stateful firewall inspection 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 560 
Which of the following ensures data is unrecoverable on a lost or stolen mobile device? 
 
A. Device encryption 
B. Remote wipe Most Voted C. Data backup 
D. Fingerprint reader 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 561 
Remote employees need access to information that is hosted on local servers at the company. The IT department needs to find a solution that gives employees secure access to the company's resources as if the employees were on premises. Which of the following remote connection services should the IT team implement? 
 
A. SSH B. VNC C. VPN D. RDP 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 562 
A user's corporate iPhone had issues and was repaired while the user was on vacation. The mobile phone has applications on it that are unavailable to be downloaded from the application store when compared to an identical phone. Which of the following best describes what is happening to the phone? 
 
A. APK Source 
B. Connectivity issues C. Developer Mode D. Jailbreak 
 
Answer(s): D 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	178 
220-1102 


 
QUESTION: 563 
A technician is upgrading the Microsoft Windows 10 OS. Which of the following are required for the technician to safely upgrade the OS? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Release notes 
B. Antivirus software 
C. Backup of critical data D. Device drivers 
E. Word processing software F. Safe boot mode 
 
Answer(s): C, D 
 
QUESTION: 564 
A user received an alert from a Windows computer indicating low storage space. Which of the following will best resolve this issue? 
 
A. Reviewing System information B. Running Disk Cleanup 
C. Editing the Registry 
D. Checking the Performance Monitor E. Increasing the memory 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 565 
An employee has been using the same password for multiple applications and websites for the past several years. Which of the following would be best to prevent security issues? 
 
A. Configuring firewall settings 
B. Implementing expiration policies C. Defining complexity requirements D. Updating antivirus definitions 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 566 
A technician is deploying a new Wi-Fi solution for the office and wants to ensure users can log in to the Wi-Fi with their existing network log-in and password. Which of the following methods should the technician use? 
 
A. AES 
B. RADIUS C. TKIP 
D. WPA3 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 567 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	179 
220-1102 


A technician is troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC that has experienced a BSOD. The user recently installed optional Windows updates. Which of the following is best way to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Enable System Restore. 
B. Roll back the device drivers. C. Reinstall the OS. 
D. Update the BIOS. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 568 
A user clicked a link in an email, and now the cursor is moving around on its own. A technician notices that File Explorer is open and data is being copied from the local drive to an unknown cloud storage location. Which of the following should the technician do first? 
 
A. Investigate the reported symptoms. B. Run anti-malware software. 
C. Educate the user about dangerous links. D. Quarantine the workstation. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 569 
An administrator needs to back up the following components of a single workstation: 
 
• The installation of the operating system 
• Applications 
• User profiles 
• System settings 
 
Which of the following backup methods can the administrator use to ensure the workstation is properly backed up? 
 
A. Differential B. Image 
C. Synthetic D. Archive 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 570 
A technician was assigned a help desk ticket and resolved the issue. Which of the following should the technician update to assist other technicians in resolving similar issues? 
 
A. End user training B. Progress notes C. Knowledge base 
D. Acceptable use policy document 
 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	180 
220-1102 


Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 571 
Which of the following would typically require the most computing resources from the host computer? 
 
A. Chrome OS B. Windows C. Android 
D. macOS E. Linux 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 572 
A user's Windows computer seems to work well at the beginning of the day. However, its performance degrades throughout the day, and the system freezes when several applications are open. Which of the following should a technician do to resolve the issue? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Install the latest GPU drivers. B. Reinstall the OS. 
C. Increase the RAM. 
D. Increase the hard drive space. E. Uninstall unnecessary software. F. Disable scheduled tasks. 
 
Answer(s): C, E 
 
QUESTION: 573 
Which of the following languages is used for scripting the creation of Active Directory accounts? 
 
A. Bash 
B. Structured Query Language C. Hypertext Preprocessor 
D. PowerShell 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 574 
A customer reports that an Android phone will not allow the use of contactless electronic payment. Which of the following needs to be enabled to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Wi-Fi 
B. Nearby share C. NFC 
D. Bluetooth 
 
Answer(s): C 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	181 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 575 
A technician is creating a Windows splash screen that details log-in expectations. Which of the following should the technician most likely use? 
 
A. End user license agreement B. Non-disclosure agreement C. Regulatory compliance 
D. Acceptable use policy 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 576 
A user is troubleshooting an issue with a mobile phone that will no longer connect to a smart watch. The user has tried the following: 
 
• Reinstalling the smart watch application on the mobile phone 
• Enabling synchronization 
• Rebooting the phone 
 
Which of the following should the user do next? 
 
A. Verify Bluetooth settings on the mobile phone. B. Connect the smart watch to Wi-Fi. 
C. Enable NFC on the smart watch. 
D. Turn on the mobile hotspot on the phone. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 577 
A user receives an email from what appears to be a trusted, known insider who is requesting confidential banking information. After the user further inspects the email, the user notices that one character in the email address is incorrect. Which of the following is being attempted? 
 
A. Evil twin 
B. Insider threat C. Zero-day attack D. Impersonation 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 578 
A management team at a small office wants to block access to inappropriate websites and create a log of these access attempts. Which of the following is a way to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Content filter 
B. Screened subnet C. Port forwarding D. Access control list 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	182 
220-1102 


 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 579 
A network administrator is setting up the security for a SOHO wireless network. Which of the following options should the administrator enable to secure the network? 
 
A. NAT B. WPA3 C. 802.1X 
D. Static IP 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 580 
Which of the following environmental factors are most important to consider when planning the configuration of a data center? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Temperature levels 
B. Location of the servers C. Humidity levels 
D. Noise levels E. Lighting levels 
F. Cable management 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 581 
A user's company phone has several pending software updates. A technician completes the following steps: 
 
• Rebooted the phone 
• Connected to Wi-Fi 
• Disabled metered data 
 
Which of the following should the technician do next? 
 
A. Restore the factory settings. B. Clean the browser history. 
C. Uninstall and reinstall the applications. D. Clear the cache. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 582 
A technician would like to repurpose hard drives that contain PII. Which of the following would be the best solution to securely remove the data? 
 
A. Drilling 
B. Degaussing 



 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	183 
220-1102 


C. Low-level formatting D. Incinerating 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 583 
Which of the following documents in criminal proceedings must be updated every time a piece of evidence is touched or transferred in order for the evidence to be considered valid? 
 
A. Licensing agreement B. Regulatory compliance C. Incident documentation D. Chain of custody 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 584 
An organization is updating the monitors on kiosk machines. While performing the upgrade, the organization would like to remove physical input devices. Which of the following utilities in the Control Panel can be used to turn on the on-screen keyboard to replace the physical input devices? 
 
A. Devices and Printers B. Ease of Access 
C. Programs and Features D. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 585 
A large organization is researching proprietary software with vendor support for a multiuser environment. Which of the following EULA types should be selected? 
 
A. Corporate B. Perpetual 
C. Open-source D. Personal 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 586 
A hotel’s Wi-Fi was used to steal information on a corporate laptop. A technician notes the following security log: 
 
SRC: 192.168.1.1/secrets.zip Protocol SMB >> DST: 192.268.1.50/capture 
 
The technician analyses the following Windows firewall information: 
 
 




 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	184 
220-1102 











 
 
Which of the following protocols most likely allowed the data theft to occur? 
 
A. 1 B. 53 C. 110 D. 445 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 587 
A user in a corporate office reports the inability to connect to any network drives. No other users have reported this issue. Which of the following is the most likely reason the user is having this issue? 
 
A. The user is not connected to the correct VPN site. B. The file server is offline. 
C. A low battery Is preventing the connection. D. The files on the server are encrypted. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 588 
A technician needs to configure a computer for a user to work from home so the user can still securely access the user's shared files and corporate email. Which of the following tools would best accomplish this task? 
 
A. MSRA B. FTP C. RMM D. VPN 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 589 
A technician received a notification about encrypted production data files and thinks active ransomware is on the network. The technician isolated and removed the suspicious system from the network. Which of the following steps should the technician take next? 
 
A. Schedule and perform an antivirus scan and system update. B. Educate the end user on internet usage. 
C. Perform a system scan to remove the malware. 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	185 
220-1102 


D. Create a system restore point. 
 
Answer(s): C 
 
QUESTION: 590 
A technician wants to improve password security after several users admitted to using very simple passwords. Which of the following is the best way to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Requiring four character types 
B. Decreasing the password expiration times C. Enabling an automatic lock timer 
D. Adding two characters to the minimum password length 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 591 
A technician is working at a client office site and the technician’s family member repeatedly calls and texts about a non-emergency situation. Which of the following should the technician do? 
 
A. Step aside and answer. B. Put the phone on silent. C. Text a reply. 
D. Ignore the phone and continue working. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 592 
A technician needs to ensure that USB devices are not suspended by the operating system. Which of the following Control Panel utilities should the technician use to configure the setting? 
 
A. System 
B. Power Options C. Recovery 
D. Ease of Access 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 593 
A technician is an administrator on a messaging application for a private work group of mixed departments. One of the technician’s colleagues discloses to the group that their employer recently suffered a major security breach and shared details about the breach to the group. Which of the following should the technician do first? 
 
A. Ignore the messages as all of the group members work for the same employer. B. Remove the colleague from the group and ask members to delete the messages. C. Message the colleague privately and ask the colleague to delete the messages immediately. 
D. Contact the supervisor and report the colleague with screenshots of the messages. 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	186 
220-1102 


Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 594 
An enterprise user cannot authenticate to the office Wi-Fi. Which of the following steps should most likely be taken to resolve the issue? 
 
A. Reinstall the OS. 
B. Check the machine’s certificates. C. Resync the Group Policy. 
D. Power cycle the switch. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 595 
A user reported that Windows has crashed several times during the day. A technician needs to check error messages to determine whether the issue pertains to the hardware or an application. Which of the following tools the technician use? 
 
A. Event Viewer 
B. Resource Monitor 
C. Performance Monitor D. Device Manager 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 596 
While browsing the Internet, a customer sees a window stating antivirus protection is no longer functioning. Which of the following steps should a technician take next? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Isolate the computer from the network. B. Enable the firewall service. 
C. Update the endpoint protection software. D. Use System Restore to undo changes. E. Delete the browser cookies. 
F. Run sfc /scannow. 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 
QUESTION: 597 
During a routine check, a systems administrator discovers that a user’s PC is running slowly and CPU utilization is at 100%. Further investigation shows a large amount of resource usage. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the high resource usage? 
 
A. Firewall activities B. Botnet attack 
C. DDoS attack 
D. Keylogger attack 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	187 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 598 
A technician needs to recommend a way to keep company devices for field and home-based staff up to date. The users live in various places across the country and the company has several national offices that stair can go no for technical support. Which of the following methods is most appropriate for the users? 
 
A. Make office attendance mandatory for one day per week so that updates can be installed. B. Ask users to ensure that they run updates on devices and reboot computers on a regular basis. 
C. Push updates out via VPN on a weekly basis in a staggered manner so that the network is not affected. 
D. Configure cloud-based endpoint management software to automatically manage computer updates. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 599 
A users Windows desktop has low disk space. A technician thinks some upgrade files were never removed. Which of the following tools should me technician use to correct the issue? 
 
A. devmgmt.msc B. cleanmgr.exe C. dfrgui.exe 
D. diskmgmt.msc 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 600 
A user is unable to access the internet but can still print to network printers. Other users are not experiencing this issue. Which of the following steps should the technician take first to diagnose the issue? 
 
A. Validate physical connectivity. B. Reboot the router. 
C. Disable IPv6. 
D. Check the DNS settings. 
 
Answer(s): A 
 
QUESTION: 601 
A user’s computer is running slower than usual and takes a long time to start up. Which of the following tools should me technician use first to investigate the issue? 
 
A. Action Center B. Task Manager 
C. Resource Monitor 
D. Security Configuration Wizard E. Event Viewer 
 
Answer(s): B 
 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	188 
220-1102 


QUESTION: 602 
An organization’s critical database files were attacked with ransomware. The company refuses to pay the ransom tor a decryption key. All traces of the infection have been removed from the underlying servers Which of me following should the company do next? 
 
A. Scan all of tie infected files with up-to-date, anti-malware cleaning software. B. Fully patch the server operating systems hosting the fileshares. 
C. Change the files to be read-only. D. Restore critical data from backup. 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 603 
A technician wants to securely dispose of storage drives. Which or the following is the best way to eliminate data on SSDs? 
 
A. Degaussing B. Shredding C. Erasing 
D. Drilling 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 604 
A user submits a request to have a graphics application installed on a desktop. When the technician attempts to install the application, the installation fails and the error message “Not compatible with OS” is displayed. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this error message? 
 
A. The graphics card driver needs to be updated. B. The application installer is 64-blt. 
C. The installation requires administrative rights D. The disk space is inadequate. 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 605 
A technician is helping a customer connect to a shared drive. The technician notices some unused drives that have already been mapped and wants to disconnect those drives first. Which of the following commands should the technician use? 
 
A. format B. netstat C. diskpart D. net use E. rmdir 
 
Answer(s): D 
 
QUESTION: 606 
Winch of the following language types enables the automation of tasks? 


 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	189 
220-1102 


 
A. Compiled B. Scripting C. Web 
D. Database 
 
Answer(s): B 
 
QUESTION: 607 
A company wants to take advantage of modern technology and transition away from face-to-face meetings Which of the following types or software would benefit the company the most? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Videoconferencing B. File transfer 
C. Screen-sharing D. Financial 
E. Remote access F. Record-keeping 
 
Answer(s): A, C 
 



































 	https://VirtuLearner.com 	190 
